Caine: Welcome to the Amazing Digital Circus!
Jax: Pomni.
Caine: Pomni.
Ragatha: Pomni.
Jax: Pomni.
Ragatha: Pomni...
Caine: Pomni!
Ragatha: Pomni!
Jax: Pomni.
Caine: Pomni!
Ragatha: Pomni!
Pomni: Hello?
Pomni: (Screams)No! No! No!(Stammers)Caine! Somebody, help me! Please!
Pomni: (Shrieks)No! No!
Caine: (Laughs)Looks like our new friend's already abstracted.
Ragatha: (Chuckles)Well, I guess we're not all cut out for it.
Jax: I don't even remember her name, honestly.
Pomni: (groans)Huh?(groans)
Ragatha: Hey, Pomni. How'd you sleep?
Ragatha: Are you still sleeping?(Awkwardly)I'll let you get back to it, if you are.
Ragatha: There she is. Hope you're doin' all right. I know yesterday was a bit of a doozy.
Pomni: (Confused)A doozy…(Opens the door slightly more)
Ragatha: Oh, and don't worry about the whole "abandoning me for the exit" thing.(Worringly)It's perfectly understandable what you were going through at the time, and there's no hard feelings.(Laughs)Yer all good.
Pomni: (Confused)Huh?
Ragatha: Uh, well, let's forget about all that.(Shrugging)Caine's got a new adventure today, and judging by what he's been teasing, it seems like it's gonna be a fun one.
Caine: Today's adventure is... Candy Carrier Chaos!
Caine: That's right! The Candy Canyon Kingdom's been robbed of their most valuable resource; maple syrup! It's up to you to bring the rotten bandits who stole it to sweet, buttery justice!
Bubble: An entire kingdom of candy? Sounds sticky.
Caine: Very sticky, indeed.
Bubble: Sounds-
Caine: Bubble, you can't say that.
Zooble: (Disinterested)Mmmmmmmmmmm, nope.(Walking away, from Caine)
Caine: (Starts panicking)Zooble, wait! I-I'm testing out a new AI in this one! It should be 57 times more immersive!
Jax: Ooh, a new AI. You don't want to mess with the new AI, Zoobie?
Zooble: Uh, yeah, no.(Walks away)
Ragatha: Whoa, sounds fun. What do you think, Pomni?(Encouraging)
Pomni: So, our entire existence here... is just LARPing?(Disgusted)
Ragatha: W-Well, uh-
Caine: Why are you all just standing there?! The- The Canyon- C-Canyon Candy Kingdom needs you now!(Stammering, wide eyed)
Caine: Hmm?(Offering the pipe to Bubble)
Bubble: Nah, thanks. I'm trying to quit.(He gently rejects Caine's offer of the pipe)
Ragatha: Wow, Kinger, check out this castle. It's amazing!(Amazed)
Kinger: (Looking at the candy-decorated butterfly, with pure innocence in his eyes)They've even got little candy bugs here. It's so beautiful.
Gangle: Yeah, this place is great!(Tunes into agree, with Kinger, and Ragatha)
Mannequin: LOOK!!! It's the princess!!
Gangle: (Whimpers, on the ground)
Princess Loolilalu: Ah, you must be the brave knights sent to us by God... To help us with our recent catastrophe.
Ragatha: That's us, ma'am.
Ragatha: Your kingdom's awesome, by the way.(Looking around the princess's kingdom)Love the vibe.
Princess Loolilalu: (Giggles)I like you already.
Ragatha: Look, Pomni. We're already friends with the princess.(Trying to hype Pomni up, but fails since Pomni feels very sad)
Pomni: I'm not a child. You don't have to hype me up…
Princess Loolilalu: I assume you've been informed of your mission. The bandits that robbed us used a modded syrup tanker, so we figured the best way to go head-to-head with them is to give you a war rig of your own.
Jax: Ooh, violence.(Excitedly)
Pomni: What time period is this supposed to be, again?(Confused and tired)
Princess Loolilalu: Here's the key back into the kingdom for when you've secured the goods. I trust you not to let it fall into the wrong hands?
Ragatha: You can count on me, Your Highness.(Bows down to the princess)
Princess Loolilalu: Oh, please. Call me Loo.(She reassures Ragatha, can call her by "Loo" instead)
Ragatha: (Chuckles playfully)Will do, Loo.(Does finger guns)
Jax: I call shotgun!
Jax: Oh, God, is that the horn?(Groans)That sucks!(Annoyed)Gangle, you drive!(Grabbing Gangle and putting her in the drivers' seat, as he makes Gangle drive because he doesn't like the sound of the horn.)
Princess Loolilalu: Farewell, good knights.(Waving at them)I have every faith in you!
Chad: D'you think your mum's gonna pull through if we get all this back to the village?
Max: I'm sure she will. This much syrup would save hundreds of people.
Gummigoo: We won't know for sure until we get back to the village. She's a fighter, though. She taught me everything I know.(Looks back in binoculars)Oy! Don't get too comfy, lads. Looks like they've sent someone after us.
Jax: All right, Gangle, when we catch up to 'em, I'll jump over, crawl inside,(Pulls out a shotgun made from a Wafer)and shoot 'em repeatedly until they're unrecognizable.
Gangle: (Scared)I feel like that violates some kind of convention.
Jax: (Annoyed, pointing the shotgun at Gangle)You're violating my ears with your clap-back. Get driving, driver!
Ragatha: So, Pomni, I'm sure there's some way you could help out here. Maybe when we catch up to them, we could-
Jax: We could be assertive. Like this!
Pomni: Hey!(Screams)
Ragatha: (Annoyed)Jax!
Jax: Ah, that's perfect! Just hold that pose. I gotta get something.
Pomni: Jax, youhole!
Jax: (Feigning, trouble finding the bazooka in the back)You know, I swear there was some kind of bazooka back here, but(Scoffs)I'm having such trouble finding it.
Kinger: Pomni, take this!(Throws the buoy, which hits Pomni's head.)
Pomni: Egh...
Jax: Here it is. All right, Pomni, you just stay like that, and I'll cross over you.
Pomni: Are you KIDDING ME?!(Finger slips)Ow!
Jax: Nice going, Pomni -- now I have no bridge!
Max: Ah-hah! Gotcha!(Trying to grab Pomni)Me arms aren't long enough to-- Whoa!
Gummigoo: This lot's trouble. Let's see how their rig does on those rocks 'round there.
Chad: Me arms aren't short enough to shift the gear!
Jax: Ooh, now we're cookin'! Hey! Ribbons! Up and at 'em!
Gangle: I don't think we-
Jax: (Annoyed)Aren't you supposed to be submissive and agreeable? Move it!
Gummigoo: (Pokes head out window, Chad then rests his on Gummigoo's back)Oh, these fellas just don't know when to quit, do they?(Notices Max taunt-dodging in the back.)Hey! Quit muckin' about and get back up here!
Max: (stops taunting)Oh, yeah. Right.(Climbs the rope)
Ragatha: (Groans)Everyone all right?
Kinger: Can you repeat the question? I couldn't hear you over the knives.
Jax: Hey, Gangle. You should ram into 'em.
Gangle: (Confused)What?
Ragatha: You should NOT ram them! Pomni's still on board--(Gets pushed by Jax)
Jax: Do it. It'll be epic.
Ragatha: (In the back of the truck.)Why are there so many knives back here?!
Jax: Do it, or I'll tell Ragatha about the figurine thing.
Gangle: (Gasps and then laughs nervously)
Pomni: (Scared and angry)ARE YOU GUYS TRYING TOING KILL ME!?
Gummigoo: These guys are whack jobs! Let's give them some of this.
Jax: (Disappointed)Aww, no more ramming? Guess I have to tell Ragatha about the thing now.
Gangle: What?!
Max: Oh. You're still up here.
Pomni: Guuuuuuys?
Kinger: Pomni, take this!
Jax: Uh, hey, Kinger, is that rope attached to anything?
Kinger: Uhhhh. I don't know. Let me check.(Goes back in)
Gangle: (Pokes her head out)W-W-What? Wha?
Jax: (Annoyed)I blame you for this.
Pomni: (Screams)
Gummigoo: (Grunts)
Gummigoo: (Screaming)Oog! Ack!(Grunts)(Wailing)OHHHH, NO!!!
Gummigoo: (Echoing)Lads?(Walking down the hallways)Hello? Anyone?
Gummigoo: Huh?(Walks up to it)Uh...(Gasps)
Pomni: Guh!(Wails)(Grunts)Huh?
Gummigoo: Where are we? W-What's all this?
Pomni: (Confused)I-I don't know. W-We're somewhere under the map, I think.
Gummigoo: "Map"?(Confused)Why aren't you or any of your crew up here?
Pomni: I-I'm not sure. Be- Because we're not, uh, NPCs?
Gummigoo: (Confused)"NPCs"? What are you on about? What are you people?(Looks at himself)What am I? Where's Mum?
Pomni: (Shocked)Y-You have a mom?
Gummigoo: Shouldn't she be here with everyone else?(Shakily)I can't even remember her face. Did she ever have a face? Was anything ever real?
Pomni: Okay, w-w-wait.(Trying to calm him down)Don't- Don't think about that. I-I-I think there... must be a way to launch ourselves back up. Right?
Gummigoo: (Hyperventilating)I want you to tell me exactly what I am.
Ragatha: (Groans)Is everybody okay?
Gangle: No...(Puts head down)
Ragatha: Oh, man. Poor Pomni. I hope she's all right.
Jax: "Poor Pomni"? How about "poor us"?!? We're one tanker away from being Augustus Glooped!
The Fudge: (Groaning)Oh, what's that? Do my eyes deceive me? A delicious gift from within the kingdom gates? Don't mind if I do.(Picks up truck)
Ragatha: (Scared)Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, buddy! We're not food! We're not candy! We're none of that! You don't want to eat us!
The Fudge: Wh- You're not candy? How am I expected to eat something that's not made of candy? I'm sorry.(Sad and puts them down)
Kinger: Pomni always seems to miss the big, gloopy monsters.
Jax: Who are you, anyway?
The Fudge: I am the Fudge. I used to live within the kingdom walls, but I was banished by that rotten princess after I ate too many of the delicious townfolk. Oh, they were so delicious. Sometimes I can hear them... calling to me.(Townsfolk screaming)
Ragatha: Oh, God. That just sounds like murder.
The Fudge: Is it really murder if it's delicious? Answer me that.
Jax: You make a great point.
Ragatha: (Worried)Uh, no, bad point!
Jax: Why don't you leave this to me before I start thinking your hair looks like licorice?
Ragatha: Jax!(Grabs and pulls her hair in anger)
Kinger: Oh, wow, it kind of does.
Ragatha: Stop!
Jax: Well, Mr. Fudge, you seem like an upstanding guy with real noble goals.
The Fudge: Oh, I'm not. If you knew what I did in my free time- Oh, you'd be sickened!
Jax: (Clears throat)As I was saying. I happen to know a way into the kingdom walls(pulls out the key that Ragatha had, while Ragatha notices the key is not in her pocket)if you'd be willing to help us out in return.
Ragatha: Hey, when did you-
Jax: Shut up, Licorice-Hair.
Kinger: Here, hide it with this.(Puts a bucket over Ragatha's head)
The Fudge: Oh, you must be some kind of master of unlocking things, come to free me from my outdoor prison.
Jax: That's me. All we need you to do is help us bring some dirty bandits to justice.
Max: I saw the Reaper wink at me...
Ragatha: Wait, w-w-what just happened?(Takes bucket off her head)
Pomni: Uhh... y-you wanna try helping out at all?(Laughs nervously)Or are you still...(Walks up to Gummigoo)Hey. You okay?
Gummigoo: (Sad)No.
Pomni: You wanna talk about it?
Gummigoo: What is there to talk about?
Pomni: I don't just want to leave you here.
Gummigoo: Why not? I don't matter in the slightest. I'm nothing.(Takes hat off)My life, my memories... my friends... It's all fake.
Pomni: This may seem weird, but... I think I know the feeling. Well, m-maybe not the e-exact feeling, but... feeling like you're nothing is... kind of normal. I mean, people even feel like that in the world I came from. But... Y-you still care about your buddies up there, don't you? I'm sure they still care about you.
Gummigoo: What does it matter? What do we have when you people leave?(Sad)We're just obstacles... created to be defeated and forgotten.
Pomni: Well... You don't have to be. The- The circus- th- the place I'm from? Well, I- I'm originally from somewhere else. But... if it has to be my home... maybe it can be yours, too. The people there are... interesting... at the very least. Maybe you...(Sighs)could be somebody real there.
Gummigoo: Why are you trying to cheer me up? How does this benefit you at all?
Pomni: I guess I just don't want you to feel like you're nothing. I don't want anybody to feel like that.
Gummigoo: But I'm not even a real person. Would I even belong?
Pomni: I'm sure you wouldn't belong any less than me.(Chuckles)And... I could use a friend.
Gummigoo: "A friend." You're a strange little character.(Stands up)Suppose I could give it a try. All I ask is that we don't tell the lads about this. They're a couple of bright-eyed yobbos, and I don't want to drag 'em down with me.
Pomni: (Chuckles)Yeah, that makes sense. What's your name, by the way?
Gummigoo: Gummigoo.
Pomni: Wow, that's... just about as dumb as my name.
Gummigoo: What'd you have in mind in terms of getting us out of here?
Pomni: (Stammers)I don't know. M-M-Maybe some kind of glitch with the truck's collisions? I'm not really sure how we could...(Pomni then notices three blocks and gets an idea.)
Pomni: All right, I'm just throwing stuff at the wall here. If this doesn't work, we could try something else.
Gummigoo: You're the expert here.
Pomni: (Laughs nervously)I'm really not. But let's see how it goes.(Turns on engine)
Pomni: I just realized, this might be a little viole-
Jax: (Disappointed)Gotta say, this is a lot more anti-climactic than I was hoping it'd be.
Gangle: (Looks over)What were you hoping for?
Jax: You know, like, one big, final battle. Bloodshed. Death. Chaos! Whatever.
Ragatha: Are you sure they disappeared? It wasn't that they fell off, or something?
Chad: (Stammers)I can't say for sure, but, uh- yes, definitely.
Max: It's not like the boss to vanish with a clown. Very unusual.
Ragatha: Well, that's…concerning.
Kinger: (Muffled, bucket on his head)Well, if worst comes to worst, we could always ask Caine to find her.
Ragatha: I'm more worried she's having another horrible experience. She still seems really upset about what happened yesterday. I don't think she really likes me that much.
Kinger: It's a lot for anybody to go through. Don't take it too personally. I remember how long it took for you to adjust.
Ragatha: O-Oh. Yeah. I'm surprised you remember that.
Kinger: (Pushes bucket up)Remember what?
Jax: Do you guys have a second truck that flies?
Chad: Yeah. Oh, wait- No, we don't. No, not at all.
The Fudge: (Groans)Down I go.
Gummigoo: (Laughs)Couldn't keep it in, could-(Pukes after, Pomni)
Pomni: Uh, what's all this stuff?
Ragatha: Pomni! Are you okay? W-What happened?(Runs up to Pomni on the fudge created from the Fudge's melting that caused a splash, with relief and concern for her.)
Pomni: Yeah, I'm fine. I, uh- I made a new friend.
Max: Boss! Where have you been? We got fudged.
Gummigoo: (Relieved)You don't wanna know. Good to see you, lads.(Hugs Max, and Chad)
Gangle: (Confused)Why are there two bad-guy trucks?
Kinger: This one's full of syrup, too.
Gummigoo: Oh, yeah. Suppose it is. Well, uh, you don't suppose my mates here could, uh, take this one back to the village, could they?
Ragatha: I guess. Since there's two of them, there'd be no real harm.
Jax: (Disappointed)I'm so unbelievably disappointed right now.
Ragatha: Well, maybe there'll be blood, death, and violence in the next adventure.(Tries to give Jax hope for the next Adventure)
Jax: (Sarcastically)Ha-ha-ha-ha. How wholesome.
Pomni: O-O-Oh, yeah. Uh, this is Gummigoo. He's gonna come back to the circus with us.
Ragatha: Oh! Uh, i-is that allowed?(Unsure)
Pomni: His reality was kind of... completely shattered? I feel like it was the least I could offer him. Opposed to just leaving him behind.
Ragatha: (Chuckles)Hey. That's good of you, Pomni.
Jax: (Annoyed, with the exaggerated use of "DUMB" in his phrasing)UGH! Let's take this DUMB truck to the DUMB kingdom, I guess!
Princess Loolilalu: Thanks to you brave knights, our kingdom will once again thrive. I'm sure it was no easy task.
Jax: (Under his breath)You have no idea.
Princess Loolilalu: (Portal opens)Farewell, brave knights. Have fun executing that bandit fella!
Pomni: Yes. That is what we're doing.(Both She and Gummigoo gave the princess a thumbs up to go along with it)
Jax: Oh, hey! Maybe I didn't leave the gate unlocked for nothing after all.(Smugly, as he gazes with glee towards the background)
Ragatha: Uh, what? I-I thought he was dead! You still did that?!(Confused)
The Fudge: (Chuckling)
Princess Loolilalu: (Worried) Okay, wait.Y-You did what, now?
Jax: Well, love to help you again sometime! Bye!(Runs ahead of everyone going through the portal at the same time, while the others look worried)
Caine: Welcome back, my little hard-shelled hamburgers!
Gummigoo: So, this is the circus, huh? I could get used to this.(Puts up his hat, before looking at Caine)
Caine: Oop! Looks like one of these guys made it through.(Snaps his fingers)
Gummigoo: Wait, wha-(explodes into confetti as a silhouette of his last pose is shown)Blagh!(The pose dissipates quickly)
Pomni: (Shocked and confused)W-W-Wait, wha-?
Caine: I know you guys love your NPCs, but if I start losing track of who's a human and who's an NPC, who knows...(Zooms in on Caine, who has a devastated look on his face, with the circus having a dimmed background, as well as his face having a lime-green aura, before zooming out, back to Pomni)what could happen...
Pomni: (begins laughing like a maniac)
Caine: Welp, I'm gonna go drink water! It's been a while since I've done that.(Caine disappears)
Zooble: (Relieved)Sheesh, I thought he'd never leave.
Ragatha: I'm really sorry about that, Pomni. At least you tried. You know, he might be back in a future adventure. I know Caine sometimes likes to reuse NPCs.(Gives Pomni hope, for Gummigoo's potential comeback in the future.)
Zooble: Got everything ready.
Ragatha: Hey... you at least wanna join us for Kaufmo's funeral? We like to have a little funeral service to remember the people who abstract. This one just got pushed around a bit with your arrival and everything.(Offer's Pomni an invitation to Kaufmo's funeral, in remembrance of his presence in the cast)
Kinger: It's the least we can do to honor their memory.
Ragatha: Oh, man. I always think I'm prepared for these things, but then you set up the picture and, well... I'm already breaking.