Pomni: I can't hold it any longer.
Jax: Sure you can. We can't die from oxygen deprivation, remember?
Pomni: But it still feels like I'm gonna die.
Kinger: Try not thinking about it.
Jax: Or you could toughen up!(Makes muscles pose with his arm)I wanna see what your funny cartoon body does.(He stretches Pomni's right arm)
Ragatha: Hey, take it easy.
Jax: (releases Pomni's arm, mocking Ragatha with his hand and a falsetto voice)"Ooh, take it easy!"(Normal voice, annoyed)That's you.
Pomni: All right. Here I go.
Zooble: All right, we've entered the blue zone.
Jax: Hey, there's something new.
Zooble: Okay, we're getting red.
Ragatha: Ooh, orange.
Zooble: Yellow.
Gangle: Green.
Kinger: Whoa, look! Now she's turning blue!(cross-eyed)
Zooble: She was already blue.
Ragatha: Huh. Guess the hue shift just gets faster.
Pomni: (Annoyed)Why am I the one doing this? Why not one of you guys?
Jax: Because something different happens to each person! For instance, Kinger starts glowing... Ragatha's hair noodles stick up... Gangle's mask starts spinning... and Zooble turns straight.
Zooble: My limbs straighten up --off.
Pomni: What about you?
Zooble: He refuses to show us because he's a coward.
Jax: I wanna keep the mystery alive.
Jax: What do YOU, the VIEWERS, think it is?
Zooble: Will you stop doing that?
Caine: Why is everybody just standing around when there's ADVENTURE to be had?(The camera changes so that he's facing it with a curtain in the background and Bubble is floating next to him)Today's adventure is...(He gestures to the floating letters that appear as he speaks)The Mystery of Mildenhall Manor!(Mildenhall Manor appears behind him)That's right! This big, spooky mansion has been rumored to be filled to the brim with paranormal activity!(Lightning strikes behind the mansion and thunder rumbles before the curtain background appears again)It's up to you to solve the house's deep mysteries and capture all the ghoulish ghost activity you can. And for the first time ever, you can...(He freezes with his teeth clenched together. His eyes slide through them, making a gritty scraping sound)Where's Zooble? I-I made this adventure really cool and "m-m-mature" just for them.
Bubble: (speaking backwards; I can't wait for the children in the audience to get horrible nightmares from the monster).retsnom eht morf seramthgin elbirroh teg ot ecneidua eht ni nerdlihc eht lla rof tiaw t'nac I
Caine: What?
Pomni: The NPCs aren't gonna become self-aware in this one, right?
Caine: How should I know? I'm not the boss. Oh wait -- yes, I am! HAHAHAHAHAHA!(Waves hand dismissively)Anyway, everybody into the fractal noise. It's adventuring time!
Ragatha: Oh, this place is spooky. I wonder how hard Caine's gonna go with the scare-factor?
Pomni: I hope this adventure doesn't end up being another horrible nightmare. I'm not really a fan of horror, and I don't really handle jumpscares that well.
Jax: Boo!
Jax: Ha! Come on. That wasn't even scary. What, you scared of the vacuum cleaner, too?(He pulls out a vacuum cleaner)
Ragatha: Hey, be nice to her. She's had a rough couple of days.
Jax: Her and everyone else. Right, Gangle?
Gangle: Does anybody hear that?
Ghostly: Hey, I'm Ghostly!
Pomni: Wha...?(Her eyes fall to the floor)
Ghostly: And I'll be your guide today!(He spins around)
Pomni: (picks up her eyes)Why won't they go back in?
Kinger: (chuckles)I remember my first wild take. I don't know why they're not retracting, though.(He tries to help pop Pomni's eyeballs back in her eye holes, only for them to fall back out)That didn't happen for me.
Ghostly: Before you continue on your adventure, you have to choose which door you're gonna go through! The door on the left is the NORMAL door!
Caine: (voiceover)Rated WOW for all ages!
Ghostly: The door on the right is the really scary door.
Caine: (voiceover)Rated AAAAA for mature Zoobles only!
Ghostly: It's up to you to deci--(He screams as Jax sucks Ghostly into the vacuum cleaner he picked up)
Ragatha: Why--Wha--Jax!
Jax: What? I thought we were supposed to capture all the ghosts.
Gangle: Uhh... which door should we choose?
Jax: Hmm, not sure.(Grins at Gangle)Let's try this out.
Gangle: Aww...
Kinger: Don't worry, Gangle! I'll get it for you!
Pomni: Eh?(She grunts and stammers as her eye socket, still being attached to her face, is being pulled, causing her to fall and get dragged towards the door)WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUGHH--(She attempts to grab onto anything she can to keep herself from getting pulled through the door, but she still falls through. The door closes its jaws as Pomni's other eye follows after her. The door slurps it up and disappears)
Jax: Oh, that's the scary door.
Caine: (sing-song)Zooble, come on out!(normal voice)I just want to talk to you!
Caine: Oh, I know!(snap!)
Zooble: What th--(scoffs)Could you have done that the whole time?(Zooble was back down on the ground)
Caine: Zooble, I-I just want to get to the bottom(Caine floats to Zooble, placing a hand on their shoulder)of why you keep skipping all my amazing adventures.(Zooble removes his hand from their shoulder)You could end up really hurting Bubble's feelings.
Zooble: Uh, Bubble's feelings?
Caine: E-Enough about Bubble's feelings! How about(points to Zooble)YOUR feelings?(snap!)
Caine: (interrupts Zooble)So, what's on your mind, Zooble?(grabs out a red pen and a red notepad)
Zooble: I...(attempts to get out of the couch)would rather not.
Caine: (floats right in front of Zooble, wide eyed and starts laughing)Hahahahaha! That's hilarious!(floats back to the plush chair)Go on.
Zooble: No, I mean,(grabs a cyan circular piece out of their chest)I've already told you what my problem is. You just never remember because...(places the piece back on their chest)Oh, never mind.
Caine: (a brain floats between his open hands)My mind is a(the brain twists)beeswax-polished coconut.(the brain disappears after Caine squishes it between his hands)Nothing ever escapes these cakes.(points the eyes between his hands)So, what can I do to make my adventures more...(the pupils in his eyes dilate with the eyelashes appearing)appealing(the pupils no longer dilates and the eyelashes disappears)to you?
Zooble: See? This is exactly what I'm talking about. All you're thinking about is your adventures. It has nothing to do with the adventures. It's more just... Ugh, forget it. You're probably not even listening.
Caine: Zooble, look at this cool bee I drew.(shows a sketch on a bee on his notepad)
Pomni: (groans and gets up, also relieving her eyeballs went back in her sockets )Where are we?
Pomni: (turns to a creepy variant of Zooble)Oh, that's...(turns to her creepy variant of herself)Noooo...
Kinger: I wonder what this thing is?(his hand floats to click on the tape)
Baron Mildenhall: (over speakers throughout)My name is Baron Theodore Mildenhall. Hunting has been a hobby of mine for as long as I can remember -- although one could say it eventually became more of an obsession.(the camera switches back to the unholy creature)The creature you see before you is one I've been pursuing for years. Not quite a man...(the camera switches to Kinger)but not quite an animal.(Kinger slid to the left side while Pomni walks to the right side of the fireplace, looking at the creature's head)Something... unholy. Something evil. I took it upon myself to spend every waking moment doing all I could to protect my family from the creature, hoping that when I eventually killed it, I would be freed from this awful feeling. This inescapable dread. I was wrong.(the tape clicks as it ends)
Kinger: You know, I'm starting to think...(silence)
Pomni: How about we try to find a way back up to the others?
Pomni: (sarcastically)Okay, cool. That's great. I LOVE these adventures.(Her bottom eyelid twitches in annoyance)
Kinger: We could always ride this thingy up.
Pomni: It's locked. It's locked -- of course! It's locked!(sarcastically)I LOVE that it's locked!
Baron Mildenhall: (over speakers)Tuesday, December 4th. Although I had shot the creature multiple times in its vitals and severed its head to keep it as a prize on my wall... my troubles were just beginning. I took my eyes off the body for what felt like only a minute, and when I looked back, the body was gone. The creature was not dead, and it would be back to reclaim what I'd taken from it. If anyone is listening to this, all I ask of you is one thing -- do not let that head out of your sight, you've been warned.
Kinger: Well, this is some rather inconvenient lore placement.
Pomni: (rises up with a key; in a crazy voice with a maniacal face)I got it!
Kinger: And this is some rather inconvenient darkness.
Pomni: (groans then wails)AHH!!! What was that? Was that you?
Kinger: No... Oh wait -- you mean me grabbing you right now? Yeah, that was me. I-Is this your hand?(pokes Pomni's eyeball)
Pomni: Ugh! That's my eye.
Kinger: Yes, but WHICH eye?
Pomni: I really don't think that ma--(Kinger touches her eye again)Will you stop touching my eye?
Kinger: Oh, yeah. Sorry.
Kinger: (suddenly shrieks)
Pomni: Wh-- W-What just happened?
Kinger: I just remembered a really funny joke.
Pomni: A j-- Y-You --(sighs)Why did you scream, then?
Kinger: Maybe it wasn't actually that funny.
Pomni: (Whispers)Oh, my god.
Kinger: I thiiiiiink... we should hold on to each other and slowly make our way back to the trophy room.
Pomni: U-Uh, sounds fine to me.
Pomni: (whispering)What was that?
Kinger: (whispering)What's what?
Pomni: That!
Kinger: It's probably just magnets. Or a boat.
Pomni: (stammers)A boat?
Kinger: W-Whatever the case, I think we should be completely quiet.
Pomni: I -- Okay, yeah. I agree. You know, you're really hit-and-miss with these things, sometimes.
Kinger: There's a fly in here.(He tries to swat at it again)
Pomni: (stammers)Don't you think that's making a lot of noi-- Oh, God, there is a fly.
Kinger: Aaaaaand… Gotcha!(He slaps again and the buzzing stops)I think I got him. I can't see my hands.
Kinger: I'm sorry, could you speak up? I couldn't quite make that out.
Pomni: the fly! Run!
Pomni: Come on come on come on come on come on come on come on!!(She fumbles the key and reaches to pick it back up)
Kinger: Pomni, I think this might be the creature from the tapes!
Pomni: (Stammers and groans at Kinger in frustration) Come on come on come on come on come on come on come oooon!!(She goes back to attempting to unlock the elevator door)
Kinger: (dazed)You look beautiful, honey...
Pomni: Got it!(She runs over to Kinger, who is leaning into the mouth of the creature and tugs at his robe) Come on!
Kinger: (stammers)Huh? Oh, yeah.
Kinger: Prepare for take-off, 'cause this boat is going up!
Kinger: Huh?? That's not up, that's not up at all!(He shakes Pomni)Why aren't we going up?! UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUP!!!
Caine: (Angry)I do not use my adventures to torture my guests!! Any torment I inflict is 100% accidental,(crosses two arms while turning teeth-like-head away to not look at Zooble)like any good war criminal!
Zooble: (scoffs)We weren't even talking about that! I really couldn't give less of a crap about the adventures.
Caine: Then what is your problem, Zooble?! I'm trying my best to remember, but both you and my brain won't tell me!
Zooble: (sighs)It's me, remember? I don't like... myself. I hate this body. I hate all these stupid removable pieces. I just want to find something that feels... good.
Caine: Oh, yeah -- now I remember why I couldn't remember. It's because that problem is already solved!(Caine snaps his fingers as the camera angle changes to a close-up shot of a box of Zooble pieces that appears, with the label "Zoobles." The box floats up and down and spins slowly as Caine continues to speak)Simply swap out your undesirable Zooble parts for better ones!
Zooble: I've been trying to find parts I like since the day I got here.
Caine: So, back to the adventures!
Zooble: Forget it.
Caine: 'Forget it'?
Zooble: Just forget it.
Caine: Forget what?
Zooble: Caine, nobody likes your stupid adventures.
Caine: Ha-ha! Good one, Zooble!
Zooble: Ragatha's just too nice to say anything. Jax just likes towith everybody. Gangle's too shy to speak up. Kinger's insane. And -- And Pomni... She looks traumatized every time she comes back from one.
Caine: Oh, Zooble, Zooble, Zooble. Making adventures is my art! It's all I exist to do! All I'm... good at. A-And uh...(chuckles)...w-what you're saying could imply that I'm bad at the only thing I'm good at, and that...(chuckles weakly and stammers as his eyes glitch)That'd be...
Zooble: U-Uh, whose therapy session is this, again?
Caine: (After remembering the therapy session, he snaps back to his old self)Oh, yeah! We need to get to the bottom of your behavioral issues!(Picks up pencil and notebook again)I'm gonna show you some ink blots, and you're gonna say the first word that comes to your mind.(He shows Zooble a drawing that resembles his face over an ink blot. Zooble looks angry at him.)
Pomni: (groans)What? Oh, God, where are we now?
Kinger: I'm not sure. A cellar of some kind.
Baron Mildenhall: (over speakers)Things have gotten far worse than I could ever have imagined. My paranoia had driven me to the point where I was no longer the protector my wife and theoretical children needed. Jumping at every shadow, every noise. I ended up shooting the love of my life, mistaking her for the creature. It's ironic, isn't it? In my attempts to protect her, I ended up becoming the monster myself. Now I wait down in my cellar, no longer having anything to protect my own soul. If nothing else... I will slay the beast that took everything from me.(the tape clicks as it ends)
Kinger: How's about we take his gun?
Pomni: Yeah, sounds good to me.(She runs up to the dead body and slowly tries to attempt to take the gun)Please don't come alive...
Baron Mildenhall: Okay, I won't.
Kinger: Looks like we've got two shots. Let's make them count.
Pomni: Uh, yeah.(She hears a distant clang)
Kinger: Stay behind me.
Pomni: (laughs nervously)Uh, Kinger? I-I think we may have a problem this way, too.
Kinger: Just leave it to me. I can handle this.(He shoots the headless body just before it attacks them)Well. That wasn't so bad.
Baron Mildenhall: (through the tape)Which is what I would be saying if I didn't know that the creature was actually one of God's angels.
Kinger: What.
Baron Mildenhall: (through the tape)And anyone who brings harm to it will be dragged down into the cold, spiraling pits of Hell, where my soul resides.
Baron Mildenhall: (still speaking through the tape)I apologize, dear listener, but I need a living host in order to escape the hall of the damned, and your bodies will be my only means of doing so.
Kinger: Now, wait. How did he record this if he was in Hell?
Pomni: (shrieks)Oh, no! Let go of me!
Kinger: (wails)
Baron Mildenhall: (through the tapes)I hope you're ready, because the next breath you take down there will be your last, and your bodies will belong to me.
Pomni: Let go of me!(She bangs her head and presses her hands against the floor to keep from being pulled down. She and Kinger wail)I HATE THIS STUPID ADVENTURE!!
Ragatha: (takes a sip from the teacup)Mmm, good tea. Sorry again about your husband killing you and everything.
Martha Mildenhall: (voice echoing softly)Oh, you know how men are. Always having the silliest priorities.
Ragatha: (chuckles wryly)Don't I know it.(She glances at Jax, who is tied up in the corner of the room)
Jax: (lets out muffled shouts as he wiggles back and forth, trying to break free to no success)
Martha Mildenhall: If your friends see him, I only hope he doesn't bore them to death with his endless monologues.(picks up teacup)That man could turn a 57-second story into a Greek tragedy.(sips tea)
Ragatha: I'll be sure to ask them next time I see 'em.(stands up)Thanks again for the tea. I had a really nice time here.
Martha Mildenhall: (chuckles)Don't mention it. Feel free to visit anytime.
Ragatha: (pulling Jax out the door with a wagon as Gangle follows from behind)Definitely!(She waves as she continues to the exit)
Caine: (A congratulations sign appears, showing they have taken the pacifist route)Congratulations, my little ironclad waffle cones! You've taken the pacifist route, and you should be proud of what good people you are! Unfortunately, we still need to wait until your other teammates finish their adventure before I can grant you permission to leave!
Gangle: I wonder how long that'll be.
Kinger: Not really typical of what you'd think Hell would be.
Pomni: We...are literally in Hell right now.(echoes)Hell!(She gets up and walks around crazily)Of course I'd be in Hell. How could I not be in literal Hell right now?
Kinger: (Puts a hand on her shoulder, to preventing her from losing it any further)Just try to stay calm. I'm sure Caine included a way to escape.
Kinger: Hold on...(He ponders)Let me try something.
Kinger: Hey, there's actually a staircase down there. It could be a way out. Maybe it'll work for us since we still have our bodies? Though, I'm worried about what that tape said earlier.
Pomni: I'm just gonna try going fast.
Kinger: Wait, Pomni!
Kinger: Pomni!
Pomni: (Voice distorted)Freeeeedooooom.
Kinger: Pomni!
Kinger: Hey!(He begins to beat the demons out of her with the shotgun)You get out of her, you damn evil souls!
Pomni: (Voice distorted)How's your wife, Kinger?
Kinger: Hey. You all right there?
Pomni: (Panting, and says in very traumatized voice;)No.
Kinger: I'm guessing the souls are attracted to living things. Just want a vessel to be able to leave with. Man... Seven years of computer science for this, huh? Heh.
Pomni: Why?
Pomni: Every day I spend here is one nightmare after the next! I KNEW IT WOULD END UP LIKE THIS! He-(She sits on the ground)He just wants me to suffer.(She curls up and buries her face into her legs)I really am in Hell...
Kinger: Don't say that. You're not in- Well, I-I guess we are technically in- Eh, forget about that.(He sits down next to her)How about we just relax for a bit while nothing's chasing us?
Kinger: It was my fault we went down this path, wasn't it? I'm really... sorry for that...
Pomni: Why have you been acting so different lately...?
Kinger: (Chuckles)I have, haven't I? I'm normally not too good with memories. But being surrounded by darkness always... brings me back to a certain time.
Kinger: Right after my wife had- had abstracted... I don't recall the exact string of events, but we both ended up in the fort together. And it was dark. The darkness seemed to calm her down a bit. The harsh, jagged edges smoothed out, and she didn't seem aggravated anymore.
Kinger: She wasn't the same as before, but she was calm enough to touch one last time... before she got sent to the cellar.
Kinger: I'm always taken back to that moment when engulfed in darkness.
Pomni: You had a wife? Like, here in the circus?
Kinger: Yeah. She was funny, creative- really into entomology. I used to hate bugs, but... she somehow got me to like them.(Chuckles lightly)It's not the most cheerful memory, but... it's one I at least have control over. I know how it can feel in this... circus. Sometimes it all just feels... pointless.
Pomni: Yeah...
Kinger: But it's not. Not if you have people who care about you. Good memories can do a lot. Hold onto them. And cherish the people around you. You never know when they'll be gone. In this world, the worst thing you can do is... make someone think they're not wanted or loved.
Pomni: (She scoots a little closer to Kinger)I'm glad you're here with me.
Kinger: You know, I've been thinking about that last tape. He said, "The next breath you take down there... may be your last." Maybe we can get through if we don't breathe.
Pomni: I'm not very good at holding my breath...
Kinger: Well… How about we try... not thinking about it?
Pomni: (Stammers lightly)If we leave and we go back to the circus... you're just gonna go back to being crazy. You're not gonna remember any of this. Are you...?
Kinger: Don't worry about me.(He gets up)As long as you remember it, things will be okay. You're very strong, Pomni. And I know you'll be able to get through this. Just hold onto me. We'll get through it together. You ready?
Ragatha: Oh, Pomni! Kinger! Are you guys okay? Was it scary?
Pomni: I'm fine, actually.(She notices Jax tied up in the wagon)What happened up here?
Ragatha: Uh, don't worry about that.
Kinger: Pomni was very brave. At least, I think she was... Were you?
Pomni: Something like that.(She walks over to Ragatha)Hey, Ragatha.
Ragatha: Yeah?
Pomni: I just want to say...(Sighs)Thanks for always being concerned about me. I feel like, through everything, I haven't really been appreciative enough about that.
Ragatha: O-Oh! Thank you, Pomni. I just want to make sure you're doin' alright. You know, we care about you.
Gangle: Did you remember to get my comedy mask?
Kinger: ...!!!!
Caine: And- And now, I-I'm just starting to wonder if the "Wild West" was... e-even a real direction at all...(He checks his non-existent watch)Whoopsie-daisy! Looks like everybody completed the adventure and they're coming home! Quick, pretend we weren't having a therapy session!
Zooble: Okay...?
Caine: Welcome back, my meowing milkmaids!
Jax: (Annoyed, glaring at Caine over the stupid nickname)Don't ever call us that again.
Jax: Heh, so, what was it like being stuck with the nutcase?
Pomni: It wasn't that bad, actually.