Ragatha: (Demonstrating while speaking)So, you just wind your arm backwards in a big circle, release right at the bottom, and follow through.(She catches the ball after she gently throws it straight up.)You got that?(She gives the ball to Gangle, who has a slightly concerned expression on her face.)
Gangle: Uh...
Jax: You're wasting your time, Raggy.
Ragatha: (sighs)Just wait a second.
Gangle: Like this?(She moves her arm in a swift, circular motion with the ball in her hand without letting go.)
Ragatha: Yeah, you got it.(She gives Gangle a thumbs up of approval.)
Gangle: Oof!
Ragatha: Jax!
Jax: I actually didn't mean to do that.
Ragatha: Are you alright, Gangle?
Gangle: Ow...
Ragatha: (Turns to Jax, sighing angrily)Why do you always gotta do this?
Jax: (Walks towards Ragatha)What? I just said it was an accident.
Ragatha: Unbelievable. You are unbelievable!
Zooble: Hey, Gangle. I think I found something you might like.
Jax: Why do you always make me out to be the bad guy?
Ragatha: Jax!
Jax: I'm not really a bad guy![1]
Ragatha: (sarcastically)Oh right, of course! What was I thinking?
Zooble: I dunno if it'll work, but it looks about the same shape as yours.
Zooble: And the best part is, it's plastic.(They shake it around, making a "thunk-thunk!" sound.)So it won't break as easily.
Zooble: Try it on.
Zooble: How's it feel?
Gangle: It feels...(She touches the star on her mask and looks back at her reflection.)normal.(smiles)Like, in a good way.
Zooble: That's good. Right?
Gangle: Yeah. Thank you, Zooble.
Jax: What the heck is this?(He leans against the door.)You're just givin' away parts now?
Zooble: So what if I am? I'm not giving any to YOU.(They cross their arms and scowl at Jax.)
Jax: (hisses through teeth)Darn. I guess you're never gettin' that unicorn horn, Pomni.
Pomni: When did I ever say anything about that?
Gangle: I think you'd look good with one.
Pomni: (looks up at her forehead and touches her temple with her finger)Well, it's possib--
Caine: Did somebody say "adventure"?
Pomni: No...?
Caine: Today's adventure is...(He gestures to floating letters that appear as he speaks. The letters spell "THE CURSE OF THE VIOLENT PSYCHOPATH BUTCHER".)THE CURSE OF THE VIOLENT PSYCHOPATH BUTCHER!(The letters disappear.)That's right! Scary human meat is all over the walls, and boy, is it smelly!(He shakes Bubble aggressively.)It's up to you to--
Pomni: (raises hand)Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait. Can we, like, chill with the horror? Please? I really don't want this to be like last time.
Zooble: What happened last time? Was that the one made for me?
Pomni: There was this awful, horrifyingangelhead thing. And when we tried to fight back at all, we got sent to Hell, where evil souls tried to infest our bodies... It was bad.
Zooble: (looks up to Caine in confused way)Why did you think I would like that?
Caine: Well, if you're all gonna be such critics, why don't you suggest a better one?
Zooble: We do! Have you not checked the suggestion box once?
Caine: Gonna be real, I forgot we had that.
Zooble: I knew it.
Pomni: We have a suggestion box?
Zooble: Basically, no.
Caine: Bubble, plug that up.
Bubble: Bleh!
Caine: "How about an adventure where Zooble gets turned into a piñata, and we all take turns beating them up?"
Jax: (chuckles)That one's mine.
Zooble: Who would have guessed?
Caine: "Let's just have an adventure where Jax can't talk...(he makes a zipping motion with his hand as he shuts his mouth, making the rest of his sentence muffled)...for the entire thing."
Jax: (sarcastically)Genuinely hurtful.
Zooble: Good.
Gangle: Can we maybe pick one that's more... normal?
Caine: (waves arms while holding the box, making 3 suggestion letters fall out and float away.)W-Well, I don't know what's NORMAL to you people!(He turns away and pulls out another suggestion from the box.)"Let's have one where we all work at a fast food place."(He turns back to face Gangle.)Is that normal?
Jax: Who wrote that?
Gangle: Uh, yeah, that's pretty normal.
Caine: Great!(He throws the suggestion box.)That means today's adventure is...(The camera turns so he's in front of a red curtain again as he gestures to floating words that appear as he speaks.)An Honest Hard Day's Work at Spudsy's Restaurant Chain!(The camera turns to Gangle as Caine points to her.)And YOU can be the shift manager!(He salutes at Gangle.)
Jax: (with a very serious annoyed face turns his head slowly to Gangle while talking)You did not just make that today's adventure.
Caine: That's right! You've shown enough leadership skills today to be the perfect shift manager! Of course. Of course! I'm already getting tons of ideas! Haha--
Caine: That was weird.
Zooble: (starts walking away)Well, see you guys when it's over.
Caine: Wh-- AGAIN?!
Zooble: I'm not gonna be a wage slave for fun.
Kinger: (gasps)Oh! I know! I could sit this one out, and Zooble could take my place!
Zooble: Wh-- That's not how that works!
Caine: Great idea, Kinger! It'll be nice to have you back on board, Zooble.
Zooble: Wh-- Are you kidding me?! I'm not just gonna be forced into this stupid adventu--
Caine: You can shut up now!
Zooble: (descending)AAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUGH!!!!
Gangle: I think I might be able to give it a swing. Being a shift manager was my job at one point.
Caine: Then what are we waiting for? Get your nonslip shoes ready, 'cause we're going to Spudsy's!(He gestures to a circular portal as it appears.)
Jax: AGH!
Zooble: (screaming while falling, still)--AAAGH! (They fall face-first onto the floor. Ragatha, Jax and Pomni notices.)
Gangle: Well, I guess I should get into manager mode and get us all kicked off.
Gangle: And with that out of the way, let's get to work, guys!
Jax: Oh, no! It looks like I've taken Ragatha...(He picks up Ragatha.)
Ragatha: Huh?
Jax: And dropped her in the deep fryer.
Gangle: Oh, no no no no no no NO! We can't have ANYTHING like that going on around here!
Jax: What are you gonna do about it, though?
Gangle: I'm calling upper management.
Caine: Mmmmyello?
Gangle: Hey, Caine. We're having a bit of an issue with the employees, and I was wondering if you could maybe have a punishment waiting for them at the end of the day if they do a terrible job?
Jax: Wait, what?
Caine: Motivation! That's what my adventures have been missing! Great idea, Gangle. I'll be sure to make something truly awful awaiting your rotten employees.(He hangs up)
Jax: (Angry but confused)Why would you do this?
Gangle: (Closing her phone)It's called a manic episode, and you're gettin' three more seasons!(Laughs heartily)Anyway. Jax, it's your job to set up the drink station, make new coffee and iced tea, and fill the ice cream machine. So, get to it!
Jax: This is really weird...
Zooble: Agh!
Strange Customer: (rubbery)Hello, I am ready to order!
Pomni: Oh, uh -- uh, what can I get for you today?
Ragatha: (walks up beside Pomni)Oh, hey! It's Orbsman. Oh, he's from a previous adventure. Uh, before your time.
Orbsman: (rubbery)That's right, it's me Orbsman! Can I order the classic #57 value meal?
Pomni: Okay, uh, a Number 57.(taps a button on the cash register)
Jax: (looks at Orbsman)Oh, I HAAATE this guy.
Gangle: (comes up from the ground)Never say you hate the customer while the customer is still here.(She gives a pointed look to Orbsman.)We wait until after hours for that.
Jax: (looks at the clock)Ugh.
NPC 1: (walks up to the counter, speaking rudely and tapping the counter with their hand)Excuse me. Yeah, little jester? I'd like to order the Stupid Burger. Last time I ordered it here, they forgot to add the sauce that makes you stupid.(They tap their head with their hand.)Don't forget the sauce.
Pomni: I-Is that a thing we have?
NPC 1: Yes. I order it all the time.(They twitch aggressively for a moment)I'm addicted.
Pomni: Okay. One Stupid Burger.(She taps two buttons on the cash register.)
Ragatha: Heard you loud and clear.(She squirts the stupid sauce onto the burger, but accidentally gets some in her eye.)Guh!
Jax: (Jax walks up to Zooble and leans his arm onto a range hood)So, you're just, like, actually doing the job.
Zooble: Yeah? I don't want Caine to punish me.
Jax: (scoffs)Caine's not gonna do anything malicious. It's…(sniffs)…not in his nature.
Zooble: You really want to find out? The only thing holding Caine back is the fact that he likes us.(They flip a burger on the grill.)I wouldn't push it.
Jax: That's rich coming from you.(He looks at the clock again.)Ugh!
Pomni: Hello!
Gummigoo: 'Ello, sheila! I'll have a sausage bacon jaffle combo. And the mates here just want six hash browns split between ‘em.
Pomni: Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, are you-- Do y-y-you-- Hi!
Gummigoo: Uh, you, uh-- You alright, miss?
Pomni: Y-yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm fiiiine. I'll call your order when your name's ready, er--(stammers)Yeah.
Chad: Aw, wait-- I forgot to ask for a kid's meal toy.
Gummigoo: You're not a kid.
Chad: Ah, yeah. Uh, an adult toy, then.
Gummigoo: Eh, don't know about that one, mate.
Gummigoo: Uh, can I help you, miss?
Pomni: I, uh…(laughs nervously)…just wanted to say hi.
Gummigoo: Um… Hi. Do we know each other?
Pomni: I… don't know.
Gangle: What? Ragatha, where's Pomni?
Ragatha: Huh? Oh, she's flirting with the gummy guy. Cause she'd rather be with an NPC than with us, or something.
Gangle: Hmm. Well, that won't do.(walks to Pomni)
Ragatha: I wish someone would flirt with me.
Gangle: (comes up behind Gummigoo's back)Pomni! We need you on the register!(walking back beside Pomni)Stop weirding the customers out!
Pomni: But it's Gummigoo. Can't the job wait a bit? It's not like this is real.
Gangle: (Laughs sarcastically)Next you're gonna say my authority isn't real!
Gangle: Anyway, put away that breakfast menu, because it's lunch time!
Gangle: All right, fellas, it's lunch rush. Get your game faces on!
Jax: (Freaked out)Does this count as a bus?
Pomni: Are you ready to order?
NPC 2: No, thanks. I got this bowl of cereal.(He eats from his bowl.)
Pomni: Well, there's a line of people behind-
Gloink Queen: 300 cheeseburgers for all my precious spawn!
Pomni: ...Is that for here, or to...(She looks over to see Gummigoo, Chad, and Max leaving.)Uhhhh, can you hold on for just a second?
Gloink Queen: Blumby, Skethers, Leotthew! Leave that poor, pitiful creature alone!
Ragatha: (Picks herself up behind the counter)Do all the Gloinks have names?
Gloink Queen: Of course they do! I love and cherish every Gloink I give birth to! What kind of mother do you think I am?
Ragatha: ...iss beautiful...
Pomni: Hey, I-I...(She looks back at the Gloink Queen, who is indistinctly speaking to Ragatha.)I-I just... w-want to wish you a pleasant day. Thanks for eating at Spudsy's.
Gummigoo: ...Have a good one, miss.
Gangle: (Singsongy)Oh, Ja-ax!(Normal voice)The bathroom looks like a biohazard and needs a good scrubbin'.
Jax: Uh, I dunno- shouldn't, like, a biohazard crew take care of that?
Gangle: (Laughs) Oh, Jaxy-boy. Don't you want to be a model employee?
Jax: No. I don't care about any of this.
Gangle: Well, that doesn't really sound like a can-do attitude to me.
Jax: It's not.
Gangle: (Laughs stiffly) Bad.
Jax: I like you better when you're sad.
Gangle: (Laughs)Well... Maybe you just need some more...(She slows to a halt.)
Jax: ...More-
Gangle: Training!
Jax: (Looking around)Uh- Huh? Huh??
Gangle: (On TV)Hi! Welcome to Spudsy's. In this video, you're gonna learn the ins and outs of what makes YOU a good crew member, AND a valuable asset to the Spudsy's Corporation!
Jax: When did you make this?
Gangle: (On TV)Now, I know what you're thinking, "I don't want a career in fast food. I want to be a comic artist and eventually launch my own manga-inspired webcomic!" And it's cool to have dreams, but you also need to remember that they're completely unrealistic, and you need to stop trying.
Gangle: (On TV)But before we get into all that, first things first! Are you smiling?
Jax: Uh, no?
Gangle: Why not?
Jax: Uh- Uh- Wait- Uh- Wait, wait- Uh- Wait- Um- No- Nobody can see this, right?
Gangle: It's time for your employee reevaluation.
Ragatha: Hmmmm...(Reaches for the sauce)Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhorseradish sauce...
Zooble: Hey! We need to start assembling these. I'm running out of room here.
Ragatha: Ehh... I made, like, five or six of 'em?
Zooble: Cool. That's 6 out of 300.
Ragatha: Uuughh. You... are such a grouch. Why are you always being a- a- a grunch? Grun- Haha, hah...
Zooble: Gangle, can you help Ragatha? I think she... huffed paint, or something.
Gangle: Huffing paint and not waiting until a designated break? I'll be right there.
Ragatha: No, wait. I can do it.(Giggling)I just gotta grab the horseradish sauce.(Sighs)I miss my horses...
Gangle: Here, let me help you with that.
Ragatha: Why are you even the boss, anyway? I feel like I'm way more responsible than you a-(Sighs)
Gangle: Well, if you underperform now, you might end up hurt later.
Ragatha: Hurt, nothin'! I'm hurt enough. Packages landin' on my head. Tea parties. Dancin' lessons.
Gangle: What's wrong with her?
Gangle: You know, a team works much better when we're all giving it 110 percent instead of, uh… 5.
Ragatha: No offense, but... you're kind of annoying when you have your happy mask.
Ragatha: Wait, is that mean to say?
Gangle: Zooble, help Ragatha with assembly. I'm gonna go over here now. (She walks past Zooble.)
Jax: Oh, are you KIDDING ME?! Hey, Gangle! I think the clock's broken.
Gangle: Is it broken? Or are we the broken ones?
Jax: Ah, great...
Gangle: How long has this shift really gone on for? Six hours? Eight? 24? A week? A year? Does time even move in here? Will we ever go home? Will we ever achieve our dreams?
Gangle: Oh, wait. Yeah, that clock's broken.
Pomni: Well, that was more info on gloink reproduction than I ever needed to know.
Jax: Can you move?
Ragatha: Yo, Jax. I, like... hate you. But I don't want you to hate me. Is that weird?
Jax: ...You're drunk, or something.(He steps over her.)
Ragatha: Oh, yeah...(Laughs dreamily)
Jax: How you doin'?
Pomni: Everything's been-(blinks)I'm doing... fine.
Jax: (Sighs)Wish I could say the same.
Gangle: Jax! There's dishes back here! You got time to lean, you got time to clean!
Jax: Ugh, God... I'm on it!(To Pomni)Later, Pomni.(He walks away.)
Pomni: You, uh... You good?
Gangle: My comedy mask is usually broken by now...(She leans against the wall, slides down, and curls into a fetal position.)
Pomni: (To herself)We're doing another one of these.(To Gangle)Um, is the mask not making you happy?(No response. Pomni sits down next to her.)Do you have anybody to talk to? Like, in regards to... your issues. I'm sure... Ragatha would like to help you out.
Gangle: Heh. Oh, Ragatha. I love her, but… after a while, it gets kind of hard to tell how genuine she's actually being.
Pomni: ...Well, maybe-
Gangle: Aaaanyway! We can't spend all night out here talking about our feelings. We've got work to do!(She laughs weakly as she goes back inside, leaving Pomni alone.)
Jax: Alright, I'm clocking out! This wasn't fun at all, see you all later.
Zooble: You know when Ragatha gets off, I feel like she might need a designated driver.
Gangle: Why are you asking me? I'm closing tonight.
Zooble: Oh, no, I meant I drive her home.
Gangle: Oh. I think she gets off in an hour?
Zooble: Okay. I can stick around until then.
Pomni: Hey. You know... I can close for you, if you want.
Gangle: Huh?
Pomni: If you want to get out of here, you can. You don't have to be stuck here alone. I can handle closing.
Gangle: Would that... be okay?
Pomni: I think so. You should go home and get some rest.
Pomni: What a weird day.
Caine: All righty, let's get this performance review out of the way.(Caine spawns a picture of Gangle)Overall, pretty productive. Made a lot of sales with few customer complaints. Couldn't help but notice, however, that you seem to have cut your own shift short, went a little kooky, and ran out into oncoming traffic. Now, being in a position of power like this, you cooooould offload the blame to one of your employees and avoid the dock on your score. What do you think?
Gangle: No, that was my responsibility. I just... Cracked under the pressure, I suppose.
Caine: Hmm. Well, that's gonna knock your overall score down to... a B-plus! How's that sound?
Caine: Speechless. I can't say I blame you.(Caine turns around)Not every executive is as forgiving as me.
Caine: And that's it for the reviews! You have yourself a nice day.
Caine: I am such a good bo--(Caine glitches into various poses)
Zooble: Hey, what are you all the way out here for?
Gangle: (sniffles)I messed everything up. The mask didn't work.(sniffles)And now, I don't think anybody wants to talk to me anymore.
Zooble: I still like talking to you. Look, the new mask was a bust. So, what? I'm sure we'll find something that works eventually.
Gangle: (sniffles and chuckles softly)I don't deserve a friend like you.
Zooble: (chuckles)Well, you've got one. Now, come on over and hang out with the rest of us. Bring your art, too. I always like seeing what you draw.