Caine: Welcome back, my candy hearts and paper flowers!
Ragatha: Well, that sure could have gone better. But I'm sure the next adventure would be less…uh, wet.
Kinger: Hey, Ragatha? Can you help me count my eggs before they hatch?
Ragatha: Oh, yeah, of course! Uh, wait, what?
Jax: Looks like that oh-so-positive Ragatha charm is starting to wear off, huh?
Caine: Hmm. Hmm…(Caine flips across multiple sketches of bees)
Zooble: Looks like this one was a home run, eh?
Caine: Oh, Zooble, you mismatched cash-piano.(Caine's body expands and configures in anger)I'LL TEAR YOU TO PIECES-(Caine's body transforms back to normal)Constructive criticism would be greatly appreciated!
Zooble: But never acknowledged.
Caine: (Growls, yelling)That's it! Everybody besides Zooble, get over here!
Caine: Everyone, I'm going to pitch to you some adventure ideas, and I'm going to ask you to give me your honest opinions on them.
Jax: I was gonna sleep.
Caine: (Holds a notepad by using a hand while the other hand is on the hip)Alright! So I've got an adventure where you all tour my(holding a notepad by using a hand while the other hand is out while there is two butterflies flying)amazing chocolate factory,(two eyes darting left and right)and get killed off one by one from OSHA violations,(looks at notepad)one where(a heart above Caine)a sentient cardiovascular system goes to war against the United States(grabs the heart then throws the heart by using a hand)military, and one where you have to survive in a post-apocalyptic nuclear wasteland(pulls top hat then launches a part of the top hat then withdraws a part of the top hat back)with a(two hands on Caine's two eyes)telepathic talking dog who's mean to you the whole time!(two arms out while two hands are fists)What do you think?
Ragatha: Uh, I don't know. They all sound a little…uh, dark?
Caine: I can't tell a compelling story where nothing bad happens! Where's the intrigue? The stakes?
Bubble: Not to mention the sssssex appeal!
Caine: (confused)What are you talking about?
Zooble: You know, you could always try the suggestion box again. I honestly didn't hate the last one we did with it.
Caine: (Growing in anger)You!…(calmly)didn't hate it?
Zooble: It was kind of refreshing doing something grounded in reality.
Pomni: Yeah, I…really didn't mind…that one, either.
Caine: Uh, what about the rest of you?
Ragatha: Oh, I uh, would really rather not think back on, uh…the state I was in at the time. Apparently, I said some things that I'd normally never say...
Gangle: Uh, I don't…really think it brought out the best of me. Even if it was mostly because of my mask at the time.(taps her ribbon hands together)
Jax: I very much did not enjoy that one in the slightest, and if we ever do anything even close to that again, I'm getting violent and I'm going to(chatter settles)kill Ragatha.
Caine: Well, how am I gonna please everybody if you all like different things?!
Zooble: Maybe just keep your adventures open at all times and let us do whatever we want, when we want.
Caine: (Eyes hovering closely to Bubble)Are you hearing this, Bubble? The toybox character wants us to leave the other intelligent AIs to run for a prolonged period of time.
Bubble: Disgusting!
Zooble: Am I not supposed to be hearing you?
Caine: Zippy!
Zooble: What did you even zip up? I don't have a mouth.
Caine: Okay, well, how about this?
Caine: We'll do a LIGHTNING ROUND, going through all suggestions in the suggestion box in rapid succession! And if you don't like one, you can all vote to skip it!
Pomni: What? Like, now?
Caine: (swings two sleeved arms left)That's right! So,(spins two arms then grabs a sleeved arm by using a hand then a white bone appears)grab your bones and pop your pansies, 'cause here we go!
Pomni: Wait, didn't we just finish an adventure?!
Jax: I was gonna sleep!
Jax: Oh, wait, I know what this is!
Zooble: Oh, I swear to god, if this is one of your suggestions…
Jax: Hi, everyone! In today's episode of "Poach Everything", I'm going to be hunting the critically endangered red ribbon rhinoceros.
Jax: Ahh, just like Mom used to make.
Zooble: Oh my god.
Jax: Ahh, delicious meat! One down, four to go!
Zooble: Alright, I'm calling a vote. Let's skip this one... and also make Jax a vegan for the rest of the day.
Jax: You can't do that.
Jax: What do you mean you can do that?!
Caine: Sorry, Jax! Democracy has spoken.
Jax: Democracy sucks!
Pomni: Wait, what? Why me?
Jax: Eh, I thought a position of power suited you.
Zooble: Oh my god, are these all gonna be Jax's ideas?!
Kinger: Well, Ms. President, it looks like there are some new developments in the ongoing war between Australia and New Zealand. We may need to take in some refugees. What do you think?
Pomni: Wh- how do you know what to do? What?
Kinger: Didn't you get the brief?
Pomni: I am... just being here.
Ragatha: You're doing great, Pomni!
Kinger: (Under Pomni's desk)Come down here for a sec.(Pulls Pomni in. Under the desk, Kinger turns on a lamp shaped as a baby's head. Kinger whispers, pointing to a brief)We all got briefs on our characters. I'm your assistant!
Pomni: I-is that a baby-head lamp?
Kinger: Didn't you get one too? I figured we were all on the same page here. But, if not, you're gonna have to tap into those golden improv skills.
Pomni: (Still looking at the lamp)I'm sorry, what?
Jax: Oh yeah! I didn't give you one 'cause I wanted to see what you'd do!
Pomni: (angrily)Thanks, Jax. Appreciate it...
Kinger: I'm not Jax.
Jax: (Australian accent, holding a briefcase)Oi, mate! I'm an Australian extremist, and I've come to detonate this bomb that'll release all the world's deadliest spiders into...
Jax: (Looking at camera, with his normal accent)Did I pick a bad time?
Caine: His acting is phenomenal. It's hard to believe he's vegan.
Pomni: Why wouldn't the president have a bomb squad?!
Ragatha: Don't worry, President Pomni! I believe you can do this!
Jax: There's centipedes in there too.
Ragatha: (Afraid)Just... be sure you know what you're doing!
Pomni: Okay, well, which wire do I cut?
Jax: Follow your heart.
Pomni: You stay out of this! Shouldn't you be arrested... or something?
Jax: Hey, I'm on your side here.
Pomni: You're literally not!
Jax: C'mon, just pick your favorite color.
Pomni: Like... the red one?
Kinger: I'd personally go with blue. Blue's my favorite color, it being closest to black, and all.
Pomni: ...Wouldn't black be your favorite color then?
Kinger: Well, no. There's no black wire.
Gangle: Hi! I'm a New Zealand extremist, and... I... don't know what New Zealanders threaten people with.
Jax: What is this? I don't like this.
Zooble: (Sighs)Can it. At least we finally have one that's by someone else.
Jax: (Sarcastically)Yeah, there's nothing more fun than being back in school.
Ragatha: Just give it a chance, Jax. Jeez!
Zooble: (Directed at Gangle)There's nothing wrong with your suggestion.
Gangle: (Stops doodling, embarrassed)Wh-?! H-How did you know this was my suggestion?!
Jax: Can you believe this, Pomni? First she draws anime, now she drags us all into one.(Scoffs)She must be one of those, uhh... losers.
Pomni: You threw me out of a moving truck.
Kinger: Alright, class. Today we're gonna learn the popular foreign language known as...(Writes 英語, meaning "English" in English)English?
Jax: This is boring. I vote we skip it.
Zooble: Shut up, we're not skipping it!
Jax: Slice-of-life animes are the worst ones. It's embarrassing!(Looks at Gangle and gets an idea, Chuckles)I mean, I guess it's not as embarrassing as that time Gangle took an anime figure and-
Gangle: (Embarrassed, holding onto camera)Actually, yeah! We can skip it, that's fine! Let's skip this one!
Pomni: Are we just... chilling for this one? Can I finally relax?
Jax: Uh, I guess so. But, uh, I prefer a little bite to my adventures.
Kinger: (Bites on his sandwich, speaks with mouth full)Then why don't you help yourself to a sangwidge?
Zooble: (Handing a plate of sandwiches to Gangle)Here.
Gangle: Thanks.
Jax: (To Pomni)Do you think Gangle is actually capable of being happy?
Pomni: What?
Jax: I dunno. Like, her comedy mask still breaks every day. Does she think hanging out with Zooble is gonna magically fix that?
Ragatha: Maybe she just doesn't wanna hang out with someone who's mean to her all the time.
Jax: She likes when I'm mean to her, though!
Pomni: I didn't think you cared about what other people like.
Jax: That-(Scoffs)I just... No yeah, y-you're right. I don't.
Pomni: Do you have any... actual friends?
Ragatha: (To Pomni, quietly)Not anymore.
Ragatha: Oh- oh. Oh, wait, no! Uh, I'm- I'm sorry. I- I wasn't talking about- That- that wasn't meant to be- Uh- uh... Hey, Kinger!(Laughs awkwardly)Did you see the fireflies all the way over there?
Kinger: (Gasps)WHERE?!
Pomni: What was that about?
Jax: It's... nothing. Who cares?(Sighs)Doesn't she get on your nerves sometimes?
Pomni: I mean, she's nice to everyone.
Jax: (Sighs)I don't know, I just- I think she tries way too hard. Like, we're stuck in- Why are you always pretending everything's always fine? Like, if you tell someone they're loved and appreciated every day, it just... kind of loses all meaning.(Inhales deeply and sighs)It just feels like she's trying to take advantage of you, you know? I don't know.(Calmer tone)Also, she's dumb and she looks weird!
Pomni: Eh, I think we all look weird.
Jax: (Scoffs)Excuse you. This is what peak male performance looks like. My ears and tail are kind of the pinnacle of masculinity.
Pomni: ...You don't have a tail.
Jax: What are you talking about? Yes, I do. It's...(Jax looks back and realizes he doesn't have a tail)It... What the?! Where's my tail?! How long have I not had my tail?
Pomni: (Laughing)I have never seen you with a tail.
Jax: When would that have even...(Stammers)
Moon: They look happy.
Caine: They do, don't they?
Moon: You think after this, maybe we could-
Caine: WAIT A MINUTE! That's a bad thing!
Bubble: Explain to daddy Bubble how bad thing?
Caine: I-I think that... don't say that. I-I think they're enjoying the suggestion box adventures more than the ME adventures! What should I do?!
Bubble: You should die- You should throw aing beach party!
Caine: Why do you swear now?! Ugh, forget it. Let's go to an intermission!(Snaps fingers)
???: Intermission time.
Caine: 🎶Welcome!(record scratch)🎶
Caine: 🎶Welcome! To the-(record scratch)Digita-(record scratch)Digital Circus!🎶
Caine: 🎶Digital-(record scratch)Digital- Digital-(record scratch)Cir-!(record scratch)Cir-Cir-Cir-Circus!🎶
Caine: 🎶(record scratch)My name is Caine!(record scratch)I'm-(record scratch)show you-(record scratch)stopping, mind-bending-bending paraphernalia you've ever-(record scratch)eyes-(record scratch)upon! 🎶
Zooble: Caine, what are we doing right now?
Caine: We're intermission...ing!
Zooble: ...Why?
Zooble: Uh... hello?
Bubble: And now, back to the show!
Jax: Gimme a whiskey sour. But hold the egg white, since I'm a vegan. Wha-- I hate this! How is this even possible? I thought Caine couldn't--
Zooble: I could have made it way worse for you.
Jax: Well, I'm calling a vote to turn Zooble into a slug.
Caine: Everyone voted against that.
Jax: UUUUGGHH!! No hate it...
Kinger: Phew! It's raining like the dickens out there.
Ragatha: Hey, guys.
Ragatha: I'll have... a cosmopolitan.
Kinger: Gimme a corncob blitz.
Zooble: I'll… throw something together.
Pomni: You know your way around alcohol, huh?
Zooble: Yeah. This was one of my suggestions. I worked at a bar briefly. I like making drinks.
Jax: (scoffs)That sounds fitting for you.
Zooble: I know there's an implication there, but I can't beto figure it out.
Jax: So, Pomni. You ever have any jobs, or are you too young for that?
Pomni: (annoyed)I'm 25 years old. And yeah, I was an accountant for a- a supermarket chain.
Jax: A supermarket? How'd you end up here?
Pomni: Well I… sometimes got bored of things… and I would seek out mild thrills. Like exploring abandoned buildings, you know? And posting videos of it online.
Jax: Ah, a YouTuber!
Pomni: Not really. Nobody watched them. It was just something I did for me.
Zooble: I sometimes did that. I wouldn't record it, though.(They give Ragatha the cosmopolitan)Here's your cosmo.
Ragatha: Thanks.
Jax: Hiding something.
Zooble: You'd know all about that, wouldn't you? What's your story, then?
Jax: Ah, I thought you'd never ask. Well, after my lung cancer diagnosis, me and my junkie associate from a chemistry class I used to teach-
Zooble: Yeah, I figured. How about you, Gangle?
Jax: Hey, I wasn't done.
Zooble: If you're gonna makeup, at least be creative about it. I know what you're referencing.
Ragatha: Was that a reference to something?
Gangle: Uh… I worked in fast food.
Zooble: You've done more than that. What about your art?
Gangle: I was in community college for graphic design, but I dropped out. I didn't really pursue art much after that.
Zooble: Hey, I'm always down to make art together, if you want.
Ragatha: Oh, I didn't know you were an artist, too, Zooble!
Zooble: Uh, yeah. I was a tattoo artist for a couple years.
Jax: A bartender AND a tattoo artist? You're killin' me here, Zoobie!
Zooble: What do you mean when you say that? Do you have, like, an actual point? Or are you just talking?
Jax: I'm just having fun. I forgot you hate fun.
Zooble: Fun isn't the thing I hate.
Ragatha: ...I guess I'll go now. Oh, jeez, where to start?(Laughs nervously)Um, I was born from a fairly wealthy family. We had a large property with horses and chickens. And my mother... uh, well... my mother was... a lot. Uh, I worked in real estate for a bit until I ended up... here. I'm sure she doesn't miss me. I certainly don't miss the yelling... and the berating... and guilt-tripping.(Laughs nervously)And the...(Sees everyone staring at her, looks embarrassed and drinks cosmopolitan)Uh, yeah!(Laughs)Just kind of a farm girl. Nothing too out of the ordinary!
Jax: (Sadly looks into drink before instantly changing mood to happy)And, no point in asking Kinger, 'cause there's no way he remembers anything!
Kinger: Never better!
Pomni: ...Do you guys know about hiswife?
Jax: Huh?
Kinger: MY WHAT?!
Mannequin: He-(disappears)
Pomni: ...What?
Zooble: That's Disappearing Guy, that's just what he does.
Pomni: I see... from a previous adventure?
Jax: Yeah, God, Pomni! You didn't know that?(Looks smug at Zooble)
Zooble: I'm ignoring you.
Jax: By the way, Pomni, sorry about the whole president thing. I just thought it'd be funny.
Pomni: Uh, are- are- are you apologizing? What's happening?
Zooble: Just ignore him.
Pomni: Uh... apology accepted. I guess.
Jax: (Hugs Pomni)Wow, the first steps of a budding friendship! Right, Ragatha?
Ragatha: ...Uh, hey, Pomni! Remember whenKaufmosmashed me against the walls and I got all jumbled up? Ah, all things considered, that was pretty funny, right?
Pomni: Nooo...? Not really.
Ragatha: Oh, yeah, yeah. No, sorry. That was... probably pretty traumatic for you.
Jax: Ooh! Remember when you got high atMcDonald'sand told Gangle to kill herself?(Chuckles)Now that was funny.
Ragatha: What?! I-I did not say that! I-I think. No. No, of course I didn't. I- And I am still so, so sorry about that, Gangle!(Gangle smiles at Ragatha)I would never have said anything like that if I didn't get that stupid...sauce in my eye!
Jax: Jeez, Raggy, just let yourself be mean sometimes. It's funny!
Zooble: (Sarcastically)Yeah. Constantly tormenting Gangle's really funny, Jax.
Jax: You guys all take this place way too seriously.
Jax: Wh- What is this? Why'd you do that?
Jax: Can you get that thing away from me?
Zooble: Are you afraid of corn?
Jax: No. Who's afraid of corn?
Caine: I'm bored! Let's go to the next adventure!
Zooble: Wha-?! You're not even a part of-
Caine: (Through microphone)It's softball, ladies and gentlemen!
Ragatha: O- Oh! We're doing this now?
Caine: Beautiful night for a game, right Bubble?
Bubble: BLEEEH!
Caine: …We've got the Big Tops playing against the Evil Big Tops!
Evil Pomni: 'Sup, fers,(hands on hips)I'm evil Pomni.
Evil Ragatha: (cackles like a witch while one hand on hip while the other hand is on the chest)I'm evil Ragatha!
Coach Dictatorer: (salutes by using one hand while other hand is a fist)Coach Dictatorer, here!
Evil Jax: (nervously)Uh,(waves)hi guys.(Taps fingers of two hands)I- I'm Evil Jax.
Evil Orbsman: Evil Orbsman, reporting for duty!
Bazooble: I'm Bazooble! Yibba-dooba-dabba-dooba-dubba-dubbi...
Ragatha: Well, that wasn't in my suggestion.
Gangle: Why don't I get an evil clone?
Caine: But first, let's welcome our special guest, here to sing the American national anthem!
Disappearing Guy: 🎶Oh, sa-🎶(disappears again)
Kinger: Alright, team! I may not know what's going on, or who is going on, or when is going on, or why is going on! But I do know where is going on, and it's out on that field! So let's go break some tailbones, team!
Evil Jax: (waves)H-hey, guys.(Hand on the other arm)I-I hope we all have a fun game, no matter who ends up winning...
Jax: I wanna kill that guy.
Evil Ragatha: Well, hello, Stupidgatha! I hope you're ready to get completely annihilated!(cackles)Nobody loves you, and you're going to die someday!(cackles)
Ragatha: We can't exactly die. That's like... the whole thing here.
Evil Orbsman: What the frick?!
Evil Pomni: Huh?(gets up)Oh, check this st out.(catches the ball)You're out, dumbs!
Ragatha: (Throws her hat on the ground)Dn it!
Jax: HA! Get owned!
Evil Pomni: yeah, that's what I'm sayin'!
Jax: Ah, she's cool.
Jax: Wait, w-what's that?
Jax: WHAT THE HECK?! WHO DID THIS?!?!?!
Jax: (Red in the face, pointing his finger at Gangle)YOU!!!
Zooble: (as Gangle trips over them)Hey!
Kinger: Jax, you're up to bat!
Jax: I can't, don't wanna... I-I-I— I look like THIS, though!!
Zooble: Seems fitting for you, though. I figured you'd be into this.
Jax: What does that mean? What's that supposed to mean?!
Zooble: I'm just having fun. I forgot you hate fun.
Jax: I DON'T WANT TO WEAR THIS!(panting)
Zooble: I have never seen you this upset about something.
Kinger: JAX! BAT!(gives the softball bat to Jax)
Jax: (Directed at Zooble)I'm gonna kill you when this is over.
Bazooble: (Hands on hips)Let's see what you're maid of!
Jax: (face flushed)Sh-shut up!
Evil Jax: D-don't worry!(Taps fingers of hands then hands as fists)I think you look good!
Jax: I don't want to hear that!(Points then gets arm down)I want you DEAD!
Jax: (drops his bat)Well, guess there's no more ball, we're done.
Kinger: Wait, I got this!(pulls out one of his eyes)Hmm...(pulls out Zooble's ball-shaped eye)
Zooble: What- HEY!
Kinger: Sorry, Zooble, it's just the perfect regulation softball size!(chuckling)We're not playing baseball here.
Jax: (sighs)I'm not doing this anymore.
Kinger: (As Jax leaves the field)Wait, Jax! What about where is going on?!
Ragatha: I can't believe I hit it right to her, I'm supposed to be better than that.(sighs)Sorry,(sighs)I should be a better sport.
Pomni: Not to, like, agree with Jax or anything, but there's nothing wrong with showing your negative emotions, that's...pretty normal.
Ragatha: (sighs)I don't know... I don't want to be a jerk or anything.
Pomni: I think we all need to be a jerk sometimes.
Ragatha: Hmm, maybe... Who knows?
Zooble: Caine! We need a ball here!
Caine: (wakes up)Wha-? Oh!(summons a ball that Zooble struggles to catch)
Zooble: Jax, we have a ball now! What are you doing?
Jax: Ugh. See ya.(Walks away from Evil Pomni and lines up to hit the ball)
Jax: (bored)Whoops, I missed.
Jax: (bored)Oh darn, I'm out.(drops his bat and walks away to sit down with Pomni)
Pomni: Having fun?
Jax: (sarcastically)Oh, you know it.(Pomni and Ragatha aren't convinced)Oh, look, Gangle's up to bat. How do you think this is gonna go?
Ragatha: Would you stop trying to force her to act like you?
Jax: Oh yeah, I should force her to be happy all the time instead, right.
Ragatha: Well, it's better than turning her into some insensitive jerk who deflects everything!
Pomni: I can think for myself, guys.
Jax: Hey, I ain't forcing anything on ya.
Ragatha: And then you just act like you never do anything wrong and everybody loves you, when in reality, you just fk everything up for everyone else!
Pomni: Okay, let's, like, calm down a bit...
Ragatha: WHAT?! You're the one who said it's fine to be a jerk sometimes!(realizes her actions towards Pomni)UUUGH! I'm sorry, Pomni. That wasn't very cool of me.
Pomni: I-it's fine.
Jax: (mockingly)No apologies for me? This is so sad.
Ragatha: (sighs)I'm sorry, Jax. For...for bringing up that thing earlier.
Pomni: So...you wanna...talk...about that?
Jax: I'm in a maid outfit. What do you think?
Ragatha: (Sighs)So, how's the game going?
Kinger: Great! Gangle hit a home run!
Ragatha: Really?
Gangle: Yeah. Your instructions helped me a lot.
Ragatha: Ah.(Chuckles)
Zooble: Can you give me my eye back?
Bazooble: Joke's on you! I've already forgotten what you're talking about!
Caine: Wowie! Another home run!
Coach Dictatorer: GOD DIT!!!
Zooble: What? Uh, okay?(drops their bat as Evil Orbsman stomps furiously)
Kinger: Nice going, Zooble!(Directed at Pomni)Alright, Pomni, you're up!
Pomni: Hey, Ragatha, you wanna bat for me instead?
Ragatha: Uh...oh! Uh, I guess I could, if you really don't want to.
Pomni: Think of it as a second chance to show 'em who's boss!
Ragatha: Huh...yeah.
Ragatha: Uh...
Caine: BAZOWIE-ZOWIWA! ANOTHER HOME RUN!
Caine: And that makes three home runs in a row, the Big Tops win!
Ragatha: Uh, that's...not how softball works.
Caine: Well, that's how my softball works.(In a little aggravated tone)We're done, hooray!(Caine claps his hands)
Evil Ragatha: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!(melts)
Evil Pomni: Ugh, fk, man! We didn't even get to bat!
Kinger: (picks up Ragatha)You did it, Ragatha! We won!!
Ragatha: Uh… I mean, I guess.(laughs)
Gangle: Good job... whatever you did.
Zooble: Huh? Uh, oh yeah. Good job, team.
Jax: Huh? Oh, cool, I'm not a vegan anymore.
Evil Jax: Oh hey! Wait, what are you-–
Kinger: WHY IS GOING ON?!
Caine: Well, I hope we all learned that suggestion box ideas are actually not fun at all, and Caine's ideas are much better!
Zooble: Well, some of them were pretty okay.
Pomni: I kinda liked the low-stakes ones.
Jax: I thought the first two were awesome. The rest - eh.(Directed at Pomni)Oh yeah, Pomni, I could show you that thing in the hall I was talking about.
Pomni: Uh, oh yeah, sure.