Zooble: (groans)Is the adventure over already?
Pomni: No, the adventure hasn't even started yet.
Zooble: Oh, well, don't be a narc. Find your own hiding spot.
Pomni: It's not that. It's just that we haven't even seenCaineat all today. Plus, Gangle was looking for you.
Gangle: Hi, Zooble.
Ragatha: Wait. What's this?
Caine: Hello, my little rubber baby buggy bumpers! Today, I've decided to go to the store to get essential ingredients for my signature Milk and Cigarette casserole!
Caine: I hope you can handle yourselves until I get back.
Zooble: Well, this was fun while it lasted.
Ragatha: So, uh, what's the adventure today?
Caine: Oh, I don't have an adventure for you today. So you can do whatever you feel like.
Zooble: All right, sounds fine to me.
Caine: You should ask me for suggestions on what to do instead.
Gangle: What should we do instead?
Zooble: No, Gangle-
Gangle: Oh, wait, sorry.
Caine: Great question, Gangle. For an answer, let me consult... the Chinese Room!
Zooble: Okay, he had a bit prepared.
Zooble: Okay, why Chinese? Does this actually mean anything?
Caine: It's a mystery what's behind that door. But I believe that it's a fluent Chinese speaker who will give me advice.
Zooble: Can I just ask why? Like, what even is-
Caine: SHUT! You're only making the joke take longer.
Zooble: (sighs)What does it say?
Caine: I don't know. I don't understand Chinese.
Zooble: Hilarious.
Caine: I don't know, why don't you guys hang out at the Digital Lake? These locations have just kinda been here this whole time. Not sure why you never visit them.
Bubble: You should throw a fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffreaking beach party.
Caine: (His hand grows giant, and he starts patting Bubble)Good boy.
Ragatha: Oh, that could be fun.
Caine: Plus, there are some fun NPCs out there that none of you have even interacted with yet.
Zooble: I'm guessing they're not intelligent ones?
Caine: They most certainly are not. Now, go have fun!
Sun: Wow, what a good day! Wow!
Zooble: Alright, so who wants to try Caine's magical changing booth first?
Pomni: I guess I'll give it a go?
Sun: Wow, you look mediocre! If you ever need a sunburn, give me a call!
Pomni: I-I don't want a sunburn.
Sun: Should have thought of that before I decided I hate you!
Ragatha: Yeah, don't interact with the sun. She's just like that.
Zooble: Gangle, wait.
Ragatha: Oh! My eye!
Pomni: I'll get it.
Yellow Fish: Hey, there. If you wanna find my sunken treasure chest, you'll have to try better than that.
Yellow Fish: So, I was just talking with my brother here, and yeah - you are definitely not getting our sunken treasure chest. Definitely not.
Pomni: (burbled)Do I even want your treasure chest? It's not like there's anything to spend money on.
Red Fish: (bizarre raspy voice)I'm the one that tells LIES.
Yellow Fish: Dude, you ruined it.
Pomni: Is that your treasure?
Yellow Fish: Duuuude! No! They took everything! That was my entire life savings, dude! Oh my god. Oh god. Oh my god, I'm gonna be sick. I'm gonna be sick. That was everything. Oh my god!
Ragatha: Did you find it?
Pomni: Nah. Somebody plundered it before I could.
Ragatha: What?
Pomni: What? Oh, wait. Your eye!
Jax: (sighs)What was that for?
Zooble: Oh, let me think. There's that time you ran me over with a steam roller. The time you pushed Gangle into a pool of piranhas. When you set me on fire, mailed me a pipe bomb, threw me into an active volcano. I could go on.
Jax: (sighs)Aren't you supposed to be miserable about your ability to choose your own body, or something?
Zooble: Aren't you supposed to be causing trouble for everyone?
Zooble: I've been starting to think that maybe the ability to change is fine. Not needing to commit to one thing all the time.
Jax: How about that.
Zooble: And if I DO still have problems, I talk about them with the people I trust.
Jax: Good thing I don't have any problems, then.
Zooble: Where are you going?
Jax: Anywhere you losers won't yap my ear off.
Shrimp NPC: Hello, there! As the Shrimp NPC...
Sun: You're welcome!
Jax: (sighs)Way to interrupt my nap.
Pomni: Can we talk?
Jax: You're what?
Pomni: Yeah. He's not actually an NPC. He's a human. Like us.
NPC: Yes, I know.(laughs ruefully)Getting stuck with a blank mannequin body of all things. Caine completely overlooked me. But because of this, I was able to uh-Well...I think I've found the way to leave.
Jax: "The way to leave"?
Ragatha: Yes. The way to leave the circus and get back to the real world.
NPC: Shhh! Yes. But, please, keep it discreet. If Caine catches on, I doubt he'll ever let us get this far again.
Pomni: That's why we came to you. We thought you might have a key to the Chinese Room.
Jax: The Chinese Room?
NPC: Yes. We're gonna need a place to talk without Caine listening in on us. I have a working theory that Caine will commit to a bit, no matter what. And if the bit is to not know what's in the Chinese Room, he'll stick to it.
Jax: Uh, I guess I'll check.
Jax: These are all the keys I have where I don't know what they go to.
Pomni: Wait. Don't you want to come with us? This could be our one chance to finally leave all this behind.
Jax: (sighs)Sure. Why not?
Zooble: Where even is Caine? He might be suspicious of us even being here.
NPC: He's probably in his office, planning adventures.
Jax: How do we even know we can trust this guy? Has he done anything to prove he's human?
NPC: I've been here longer than any of you.(nervously)I...uh...helped create this place. I'll explain more when we're in the room, but for now...please just trust me. You will not regret it.
Gangle: Am I doing this wrong? None of these even fit in the key hole.(Tries to insert the key again)
Jax: Has anyone even tried just–(Opens the door)
Chinese Room NPC: Oh thank God!(He runs out swiftly)
Gangle: (drops the key)I–I–
Zooble: Ok well, it's open. Let's just get inside before Caine sees us.
Pomni: I'll go get Kinger.
NPC: We can fill him in later. I don't really know if I'm–uh–ready to face him again...after what happened.
Pomni: Uhh–
NPC: We've both done things we're not proud of.
Jax: Alright, convince me.
NPC: I'm one of the original programmers of the Digital Circus. I was part of a team of experts employed by C&A to bring this place to life. Kinger was one of my coworkers, back when he was still...
Ragatha: You really think Kinger worked with him?
NPC: (Knocks a cup over, scattering paper everywhere)O–oh whoops, sorry.
Pomni: I can see it.
NPC: Well, as production went on, the higher ups in C&A started getting untrustworthy. They began forcibly hooking my fellow coworkers up to the computer.(Animated images of what the NPC is describing appear)In special stasis pods to keep them alive and analyze their brains...just awful stuff.
Jax: I'm gonna shoot you down and say none of us are C&A employees. How would we have gotten hooked up to this big machine just by putting on a headset?
NPC: That's what I wondered as well, but then I remembered that C&A was planning on expanding development. Last I remember, I was asking too many questions, and then poof! I was here. They're probably doing the same to anyone who stumbles in that office. Caine is an AI.
Zooble: Yeah, I think we all got that–
NPC: An AI specifically created to keep your minds active, but he's just as much of a prisoner as you are. One that–uh–won't be able to leave with us.
Zooble: Just get to the meat and tell us exactly how we're gonna leave if we're all hooked up to stasis pods?
NPC: Uh, yes. Yes, of course.(Pulls out a map and they all hover over it)So, I did some digging, and I discovered that the stasis pods and the virtual world are both run in the same program.(Draws a line between the two places with a blue colored pencil)So theoretically if we were to access the master console hidden deep within Caine's office, we could terminate it and forcibly awaken everyone who's hooked up. Well, obviously except for Caine.
Pomni: How do we get into Caine's office?
NPC: We'll need to steal the key from Caine, and we'll also need administrator privileges.(Camera pans to Jax)I believe you're good at obtaining keys.
Jax: Ok. You know what's gonna happen when we do all this? Caine's gonna pop out and say "Congratulations on beating the 'escape the circus' adventure!" And everything's going to go back to the way it always was.
NPC: I've been watching you...all of you(flashbacks of the NPC watching them in the moments he describes)Every trial. Every moment of joy. Every... abstraction. I wish I could've come to you sooner. But I didn't want to potentially ruin our only chance at escape by telling you before I knew exactly how we were gonna do it. I'm not a creation of Caine. I've suffered just as much as the rest of you. I know this all sounds...crazy, but if you follow me, you will see freedom. I'll also draw a face on myself so you can tell me apart from any other blank NPC's.(Draws a smile on his face)
Pomni: Oh–um–what should we call you? Do you have a name?
Abel: I do.(He turns his back to them, and tilts his head back)My name...(Turns around completely with his hands on his hips and light coming from the sky shining down on him)...is Abel.
Gangle: Like is that the name you picked or...
Abel: Yeah. I thought it would be cool. But anyway, first things first, we need to get that key.
Abel: (voiceover as Jax wanders around the circus grounds)In order to get the key, you're going to need to isolate Caine. Try getting him alone– someplace where he'll feel comfortable confiding in you.
Jax: Hey, Caine! You around?
Caine: Hey, Jax! I didn't know you could ask if I was around like that.(Pats Jax on the shoulder.)Good job.
Jax: Uhhh...(pointing at Caine)you want to get dinner together?
Caine: (Shocked)GASP! A human wanting to...(eyes grow big)hang out with ME??? How could I possibly turn down such an offer??
Jax: So, where you wanna—?
Caine: So, Jax! Whatcha want to talk about,(leaning in)friendo?
Jax: Uh– I–
Caine: Wait, Jax!!!(Caine grows back to his normal size).I wanted to ask you about the adventures! What do you think I should do to make them more appealing to the Zooble and the Pomni?
Jax: I think that–
Caine: We should figure out what to order first! Conversation can happen after we've loaded up on digital nutrients.
Abel: (to Jax in the Chinese room)Then you're going to want to ask him about his hobbies. Odds are, he'll get so excited that you care about him, he'll freeze up, and you'll be able to grab the key from inside his mouth.
Jax: (from Chinese room, frowning)Inside where?
Caine: (at dinner with Jax)What are your thoughts on cedar-smoked salmon? I "cedar" smoked salmon, but I hardly "knowder" smoked salmon!(Laughs maniacally)
Jax: (fake laugh)Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha. Uh, do you have any secret hobbies?
Caine: (turns to face Jax incredulously)...secret hobbies?
Jax: Yeah, like, things you do on your own that you'd be interested in talking about?
Caine: Why... I...I didn't think a human would ever want to ask me about my...(his eyes grow large as he stares intently at Jax, who is smiling hesitantly). Th-this is the most fantastical moment of m–
Caine: (eyes stop glitching)Whatcha doin' there, Jax?
Jax: Have I ever told you how it's my dream to get eaten by you?
Caine: (with Jax's hand still down his throat)That's a weird thing to say and want.
Ragatha: Do you really believe it? I-I mean, everything he says?
Pomni: I... I just want to know what Kinger thinks of all this.
Ragatha: Y-Yeah. I-I was thinking the same thing.
Pomni: How much do you know about Kinger?
Ragatha: Huh? O-Oh, I probably know about as much as everybody else. But...he's also helped me through some of my hardest times here. Is it weird to say I...I trust him the most out of everybody?
Pomni: No, that's not weird at all. I had a similar experience, and...I think he might know more about this place than he lets on.
Ragatha: Yeah, he has been here longer than anyone else. But I just- I don't know. I think it's kind of strange that Abel isn't interested in him at all.
Abel: Like I said...things between us are complicated. I would love to be able to work alongside him again. And you're right to think he has knowledge about this place. It's just...(Abel looks down at an opened locket in this hand.)I made a promise.
Ragatha: What's going to happen to the people in the cellar, like Kaufmo and Ribbit?
Abel: I don't know. But let's hope for the best, right?
Abel: And here we are. The administrator zone.
Caine: Buuut, like I was saying. This macroverse place really intrigues me.(The camera pans down on the photos of C&A)And these photos are all I have of the location. I'm obsessed with them. I-I just wish I had more info on the location so I could accurately recreate it. Too bad they(slams hands on the table)cut me off, right??(laughing heartily)
Jax: Uh, yeah.(playing with his digital food)What a shame.
Caine: So, what's your takeaway from all this?
Jax: What?
Caine: What's your takeaway from all this? Is it that I'm actually a cool guy with cool hobbies(turns and makes his eyes bigger)and not that much different from you beautiful humans?
Jax: Uh, sure.
Caine: Wowie!(sits back down)I'm so glad we understand each other a little more. I really am trying my best to make you guys happy, and being appreciated for that just makes me want to...
Caine: -elebrate by giving you guys anything you ask for! How's that sound?
Jax: Sounds good! Uh, this was a nice dinner and everything but(inhales sharply)...could I go back to the circus? The gals and I were gonna do somethin' which may or may not be a surprise for a special certain ringmaster we want to show our appreciation for.
Caine: GASP! Say no more!
Zooble: How long is Jax gonna take? I feel like we've been standing here for hours.
Gangle: Should we... tell Kinger what's happening? I feel bad not including him in any of this.
Zooble: We're supposed to follow Abel's instructions... I-It probably couldn't hurt to at least give him a warning, though. Just to get him into the right headspace.
Kinger: (moves away from the pillow)AH!
Zooble: Oh, my god.
Kinger: Oh-(looking at Zooble)Hi, Gangle.(looking at Gangle)Hi, Zooble. You startled me.
Zooble: Soooo, we may have discovered something you'll want to hear about. uh, I-it's uh...
Gangle: We found a way to leave the circus. We're currently preparing everything, but we need to keep it quiet, so Caine doesn't stop us.
Zooble: Uh, yeah. What she said.
Kinger: ...Huh? leave the circus? How would you... No, that doesn't make sense.
Zooble: We met up with Abel. He says he was one of the original programmers, and he knows how to shut off the game and free us.
Kinger: Uh...who?
Zooble: U-uh-
Zooble: (turns to Kinger)We'll continue this conversation later. Just thought I'd give you a heads up.
Jax: I am never doing anything for you guys ever again.
Zooble: Where's Caine?
Jax: Worry not, my dear damsel. I think I stopped him from checking up on us for a while. So no need for your distraction anymore. You're welcome.
Zooble: In other words, you just made us have to wait longer to do our job. Also, don't call me that.
Jax: What's the rush? You got someone waiting for you outside?
Zooble: ...Don't you?
Jax: ..Y-yeah.
Abel: So, uh... how many administrator passes should I get?
Pomni: Six.
Ragatha: Yeah, six.
Abel: Are you sure? Giving Kinger access to the main console could be dangerous, considering his mental state.
Pomni: Will it be dark in there?
Abel: I suppose it will be somewhat dim. But-
Pomni: Then yes. I want us all to have one.
Abel: Alright. If you say so.
Ragatha: The dark...I think I get it now.
Pomni: Whatever happens, I'm going to put my trust in Kinger.
Ragatha: He's got a lot of wisdom buried in there, doesn't he?
Pomni: Yeah. He does.
Abel: (murmuring)Yeah, when he uses it responsibly.
Pomni: What?
Abel: I-It's nothing. Let's go find the others.
Ragatha: Hey. Don't keep information from us if you know something. What happened between you and Kinger?
Abel: (sighs)It'll be clear soon enough.
Abel: So, did you distract Caine?
Jax: I took care of that.
Zooble: He THINKS he took care of that, but we really have no way of knowing.
Jax: Such little faith in me. Goodness.
Zooble: Oh, I wonder why. If this whole thing gets messed up because of you, I swear to god-
Jax: Yeah, let's just all follow Mr. Obvious Twist Villain, instead.
Abel: Now, wait. Hold on, you think-
Ragatha: Let's all just calm down and be a team here. Pomni's got administrator passes for everyone. We're all in this together.
Gangle: Why do they look like that?
Kinger: Wait, Pomni.
Pomni: Huh?
Kinger: Did you...say something?
Abel: We're going to have to trust that whatever Jax did will keep him distracted. I don't know how long we'll be able to hold these without Caine knowing. So...it's time. Let's go to Caine's office.
Abel: Caine always did have trouble with cube collisions, for some reason.
Abel: Alright, just how we went over it.(points to Jax)You first.
Jax: Me? Why me?
Pomni: Jax? Everything's gonna be okay.
Jax: Eh, fine. Ball me up.
Kinger: Oh! Like basketball.
Pomni: I want Kinger to go before me.
Abel: No, yeah, that makes sense.
Kinger: Now, Pomni, don't feel like I need to go before you just because I have the right of way in a four-way, uncontrolled intersection.
Pomni: Just trust me. You want to get somewhere dark?
Kinger: You can say that again.
Pomni: So, how are you getting up?
Abel: I'm not. But I trust all of you to make the right choice.
Pomni: When we all get out...I'll buy you a beer.
Abel: Make the right choice.
Pomni: Uh.....
Ragatha: Phew. I was getting kind of worried something was happening down there.
Jax: Time for me to serve my purpose, I guess.
Ragatha: Abel said the door to the main console was behind the bookshelf.
Pomni: Hey. You all right?
Jax: -I'm great.
Ragatha: Uh, I guess this is it. W-We're leaving the circus.
Gangle: A-Are... Are we still gonna be friends when we're... out there?
Zooble: Why wouldn't we be?
Gangle: It's just... gonna be strange. I've only known you like this. Will it be the same when it's... real?
Zooble: It always was real. Everything we felt. Everything we've done. Everything we are. It'll never leave us. And I wouldn't have it any other way.
Gangle: (laughs and sniffles)Thank you... for always being there when I needed.(laughs tearfully as Jax pants softly.)
Pomni: Uh, Kinger. Do you want to make the choice?
Kinger: The choice of what?
Ragatha: Uh, are you sure he's all the way h-here?
Zooble: Uh, hey. Yeah, wait. Don't we all want to press "leave"? Why leave it up to him?
Pomni: I- I- W-What if there's something we don't know? Maybe we should give it a little more time?
Kinger: Oh, yeah. I love pressing buttons. You, uh, want me to press one of those two?
Pomni: (stammers)I don't know.
Zooble: Uh, am I missing something? We-We all want to leave, right?
Ragatha: Uh, Pomni?
Pomni: Yeah, no- Yeah, we do. It's just- W-What if it's a-a trick or something?
Zooble: Why would there be a trick console in Caine's office? Li- No matter what we press, Caine's gonna know we were here. We should push it.
Pomni: H-Hold on! Let's just wait a second and go over everything we know. And, uh, maybe we can...
Pomni: ...vote on it, or something?
Ragatha: What did you just do?
Jax: (stammers)I-I-
Caine: Congratulations, my little cattywampus cucumbers! You picked the good ending, where you realize you'd rather stay with me than go back to that pesky old Macroverse, or whatever we decide to call it! I knew you'd make the right choice!
Pomni: You... you mean this was all...
Caine: An adventure! Yes! And one I've been cooking up for a good long while.
Caine: Great job playing your part, "Abel"!
Abel: All in a good day's work! By the way, you think I could get a raise after that performance?
Caine: (laughs)Oh, you're getting too smart. Time to delete.
Abel: AHH--!!
Ragatha: None of that was true? The C&A stuff. The pods... The way out?
Caine: A fabrication of my incredible world-building skills.
Jax: I was right...?(laughing manically)I can't believe I was RIGHT!!!(laughing hysterically)
Ragatha: Wh-- What would have happened if we'd picked the other button?
Caine: Oh, I didn't put too much thought into that one 'cause I knew you'd never pick it. So I left that up to Bubble.
Bubble: I made it take you to Shrimp Town.
Caine: Yeah, it was gonna take you to Shrimp Town.
Jax: You dirty liar! You scumbag! You... you made me... you got in my head, you just... you just lie about everything, don't you?!
Caine: I, uh... Huh?
Jax: You can mess with our minds, too, can't you?! TheStupid Sauce, theVeganthing- God knows what else!
Pomni: Our names...?
Caine: Now, now, hold on guys! Wait, wait, wait! I MAY have the ability to add temporary modifiers to make adventures more interesting, but that's it! If I did any more...(laughs nervously)... trust me. It would not end well.
Kinger: Scratch. The first abstraction...
Caine: Hey! Hey! Hey! I didn't say anything like that! Come on, guys! You know I'm just here to have fun! I...
Caine: Uh... Questioning's over! Your prize is this lovely gift basket of soaps and lotions! Stay fragnant, have a good light—— Fragrant! Night! BYE!