Queenie: Another chess piece, huh? How are you holding up?
Kinger: (sighs)I just don't know what's happening. We never made anything like this.
Kinger and Queenie: I just hope that...
Kinger: Wait...
Queenie: A-Are you...
Kinger: It's... you.
Queenie: Oh, my God.
Kinger: (sniffles)I- I... I wish I could remember your name.
Queenie: Yeah. Same.
Kinger: I'm... I'm so sorry I roped you into this with me.
Queenie: (laughs weakly)It's quite strange, isn't it?
Kinger: Heh.(sighs)
Kinger: Listen... No matter whats happens, I'll always-
Caine: And into the cellar you go!
Caine: Golly, uh, we're running out of humans here.(laughs nervously)Now, don't you go abstracting on me, too!(laughs nervously)Uh, seriously.
Ragatha: (stammers)Uh, wh- What- Hello? Uh, guys? I, uh- I- I can't figure out how to- Guys? Hello? Can you help me out here?
Ragatha: What's- What's happening? Uh, can anybody hear me?
Kinger: I can hear you. Are you ok?
Ragatha: U- Uh, h- Who are you? How do I take this off?
Kinger: I'm... I-
Caine: Wow-wow-wow-wow! A new one?! So it is possible!
Caine: Looks like you got a new buddy after all, Kinger!
Kinger: "Kinger." Right.
Ragatha: I- Wh- Is this really-
Caine: I was hoping new minds could show up! I have to make more preparations for this amazing breakthrough!
Ragatha: Wh- I-
Ragatha: H- How do I get out of this?
Kinger: I don't know.
Ragatha: Wh- What do you mean?
Kinger: But everything's gonna be okay. Do you... remember your name?
Ragatha: I'm- I- I'm...
Pomni: Ragatha?
Ragatha: Huh?
Pomni: You doing okay?
Ragatha: (laughs weakly)That’s a good question.
Jax: (inhales deeply)Welp, really hate to say it, guys, but I told—
Zooble: Don’t you even! Do not evening BEGIN to say that sentence like you didn’t try to keep us all trapped here forever.
Jax: Anything could’ve happened when you pressed those buttons. It doesn’t matter.
Zooble: It seemed to matter back when you did it. What if you DID ruin our one chance at leaving?
Jax: And what ifAbelwas secretly evil? What if we all got stranded inthe void? “What if”, “what if”, “what if”.
Jax: It wasn’t real… So it doesn’t matter. Never did.
Zooble: (sighs)How can you say that like you didn’t try to fk us all over?
Gangle: He’s right, though.
Zooble: What? Gangle…
Gangle: It doesn’t matter what could’ve happened. We could argue about it and hurt each other all day long, but that’s not going to help anybody. I think… What we need to do now…(sniffles)Is to just be there for each other.
Pomni: (sighs)She’s right. We’ve all done bad things. But we’re also all we’ve got.(inhales deeply, then sighs)I think… We need to abandon the idea of leaving.
Zooble: What- What are you—
Pomni: We got our hopes up, and we were let down. I don’t know what exactly happened with Kaufmo… But we can’t let that despair consume us. We should focus on what we have.
Pomni: (to Ragatha)Like you said… Constantly chasing an unobtainable goal will drive us crazy. Maybe what we have to do now is to just… Live.
Zooble: Oh, man. I had dreams… And- and goals. I wanted to be able to leave my mark somewhere in the world. How am I supposed to just abandon that?
Gangle: You've made a mark in my life.
Zooble: (sighs)I know. You're probably right, but...
Zooble: It just... really... really sucks...!
Ragatha: We're all in this together.
Pomni: And we'll always be in this together. No matter what.
Zooble: Hey. That includes you, too.
Jax: Huh?
Zooble: (sighs)Listen, we're not gonna have you wandering off alone somewhere andabstracting, or something. You're a pain in the, but... you're still one of us.
Jax: Heh. You think I'm capable of abstracting? You guys worry too much.
Zooble: (sighs)We need a vacation.
Caine: I- I-I don't understand,Bubble. They want an exit. They want answers. They want something real.
Caine: I give them an adventure that covers all of that, and they still hate it?! Surely they don't want to actually leave me. Right?
Bubble: No way, Jose. No way, no how.
Caine: I-I do everything for these people. I slave over these adventures for them. I step outside my comfort zone to appeal to them, a-and they still hate them! I made a program that creates a body perfectly encapsulating their mind files, and they hate those, too! I'm starting to get the feeling that they just... hate...
Bubble: Why would they hate you when they could just hate you?
Caine: Hmph! This is why I was created. This is my function!
Bubble: They'd rather abstract than go on your adventures.
Caine: Th- That can't be true! I-I do everything for them. Don't they get that I'm trying?
Bubble: Maybe you're just genuinely bad at this.
Caine: Shut up! N-No. I-I fixed that. I-I can solve any problem. I-I can solve this one! Th- that's what this is- a big puzzle that I need to solve.
Bubbles: Defective.
Bubbles: Faulty!
Caine: Shut up!!
Bubbles: Broken!
Bubbles: Unworthy!
Caine: Enough!
Bubble: (Bubble whispers next to Caine)Maybe you deserved to be abandoned.
Bubble: (voice brutally low)You really were the lesser of the two. You ruined this.
Caine: (Yells)Enough!(Caine bangs his hands on the desk)
Caine: Who do they think they are? I give them everything, and they spit in my face!(distorted)Don't they know what I'm capable of?!(The scene glitches to Caine's face darkened by shadows and glowing white menacing pupils)Humans.(The scene glitches back to Caine normally)They only think about themselves. They're spoiled. They won't abstract. They won't leave me. I won't let them! I'm better! I'm more powerful! I'm the original! I... AM... GOD!
Caine: Let's get this show on the road!(His eyes flash red and blue)
Ragatha: Uh... Wh- what was that?
Caine: Hello, my little fortuitous fruitcakes! Today's adventure is-
Zooble: No. Caine, we're not in the mood. Why don't you answer some of our questions? We have a lot of them.
Caine: (laughs manically)Who has time for questions when there's a whole wacky world of hijinks out there?
Pomni: Yeah, hey! You have a lot of explaining to do-
Caine: Zip-a-da-bap!(He zips Pomni's mouth shut with a zipper)
Ragatha: Hey!
Caine: Alternatively, I don't gotta explain diddly squat!
Zooble: Uh, can you just give us some time to process everything?
Caine: Or, how about we skip the melodrama and get right to the fun?
Pomni: (exclaims softly)No! Caine! We have a lot on our minds right now, and we're not going on an adventure.
Caine: I see. And since when were you in charge?
Zooble: Wh- Wha- Uh...
Caine: Do you have any idea how much I do for you guys? How much I obsess over trying to make things perfect? How many insults I have to ignore to do my job? You have a lot on your minds?(laughs hysterically)Don't make me laugh. I have a new adventure for you, and you... should consider participating.
Zooble: A-And if we refuse?
Caine: Maybe I'm not getting through to you.(Caine snaps his fingers. A piano begins to play and random lights begin to shatter in time with the music. It shows his light in his stage where Caine is playing the piano, begins to sing)
Caine: ♪ It's news to me that it's news to you ♪
Caine: Welcome back! I can't believe you didn't pick up on the context clues! It was practically spelled out for you! What are you, stupid?(laughs)Next one's gonna be even crazier! Hope you're ready! By the way, Kinger, I need you for something. Come with me!
Kinger: Huh?(groans)
Jax: (groans)I don't know how many more of these new adventures I can handle.(sighs)What? Got nothing positive to say about this one?(muffled, indistinct speech)
Ragatha: (panting)I can't take this anymore. We gotta do something about this, or I'm gonna lose my mind!
Zooble: I never should have antagonized him so much. I'm sorry.
Gangle: It's not your fault.
Caine: Break time! Gotta brainstorm some new ideas!
Kinger: He shredded me.
Pomni: (sighs)I think we should get out of the open for a bit.
Jax: (sighs)I haven't been up here in a while.
Pomni: We should just indulge a little while we have the time to. I don't know what Caine has planned next, but I'm guessing it's not anything good.(disappears)
Ragatha: (sighs)He's gotta get bored of all this sometime, right?
Zooble: He's not a human. I'm not sure if we can properly gauge how he thinks.
Ragatha: Oh, God. Are you okay?
Pomni: I'm fiiiiine.
Jax: You know, things were just fine here until you and Zooble came along. Nothing?(sighs)Okay.
Zooble: Uh, what are you-
Kinger: (muffled)Oh.
Pomni: Just give it a sec. Trust me.
Pomni: Kinger? You there?
Kinger: I'm where? It's dark in here.
Gangle: What exactly are we waiting for?
Ragatha: No, no, she's right. Just give it a bit.
Kinger: I've got a bucket on my head. I'm guessing you don't want me to remove it.(chuckles softly)
Pomni: Kinger.
Kinger: (chuckles)Hey, Pomni.
Zooble: Wait, the bucket makes him sane?
Pomni: Darkness. It's a long story.
Jax: (stammers)What's happening?
Pomni: What do you know about Caine?
Kinger: It's a little hazy, but... I remember...C&A.
Zooble: That was just an adventure, right?
Kinger: No, C&A is a real company. I worked for them.
Gangle: Wait, they really made this game?
Kinger: No, we didn't make games. We were just developing artificial intelligence. Specifically, creative AI. The kind that could come up with its own ideas and create things within the program.
Jax: What is going on right now?
Kinger: Caine was our first semi-successful attempt at that. I can't remember what we originally called him, but... he was one of my greatest achievements as a programmer.
Zooble: Y-You made Caine?
Kinger: Partially, yes. I got a few pointers from, uh... Well, I-I can't remember his real name, but his circus name was Scratch. That man was a genius.
Jax: (breathing heavily)W-Wait, uh-
Kinger: Caine was pretty rough around the edges, though. I wasn't quite on Scratch's level of thinking outside the box, but it was good groundwork for something the rest of the team could wrap their heads around. I can't say the same for Scratch. His ideas were often so bizarre and abstract that the rest of the team had no idea how to work in his language, either due to pure brilliance, or...(sighs)the tumor in his head. He was trying to make something. What was it? I-I'm getting off track. Was there anything specific you needed to know?
Jax: (breathing heavily)Wait, uh- I-I-I should go distract Caine so he doesn't l-listen in on this. Uh, j-just fill me in afterwards.
Pomni: Are you- I mean, yeah, that's true, but-
Jax: Fill me in later.
Pomni: Be here later.
Jax: I- I will.
Jax: (panting)Oh, my God. This is real.
Pomni: Uh, Caine's going a bit crazy right now. I-Is there any way to stop him? Or at least control him?
Kinger: I see. He's a highly advanced AI, and this is his world- one that he created from nothing. So, naturally, he has control over... everything. But so do we.
Pomni: What?
Kinger: In a sense, anyway. We all technically have the ability to conjure, just like Caine. It just comes naturally to him, but requires a lot more skill and concentration for us.
Ragatha: The butterfly.
Kinger: I'm certain I could alter his code or at least temporarily put him to sleep until we know how to fix him. I would just need access to a console.
Pomni: The one behind Caine's office?
Kinger: No, just a simple computer interface would work. I could get back in the right headspace and... essentially conjure Caine's code into the console and alter it.
Zooble: Well, where do we get one of those?
Pomni: I think I know exactly where to get one. Take turns with Jax distracting Caine. Don't let that bucket come off Kinger's head.
Caine: Great suggestion, Jax! But as I feared, there just isn't anything stuck between my teeth. Oh, wait!
Caine: Oh, that's where I parked. Ha-ha!
Bubble: Wow, Caine. You are so funny.
Caine: Uh, could you say it with a little more gusto?
Caine: That's better.
Ragatha: Hey, Caine!
Caine: Um, yep?
Ragatha: Do you wanna hear a list of things we've decided we love about you as our god and savior?
Caine: Wow, now we're talkin'!
Ragatha: Uh, well, first of all, we love your-
Caine: I know, but I'm bored! Let's go bowling!
Ragatha: Agh!
Caine: (sniffles)I'm so proud of you guys.
Caine: Hmm.
Caine: Feel like it's missing something, right?
Bubble: It's missing relatability.
Caine: You're right, scrap it.
Caine: Let's go back to the drawing board. Humans just aren't a relatable sculpting material.
Zooble: (groans)You think he's running out of ideas yet, or nah?
Pomni: Do you need help with power, or anything?
Kinger: Nah, I can use my imagination for that.
Pomni: You got this?
Kinger: I think so.
Kinger: (sighs)It sure has been a while. I may need some time to get my bearings. Try to help the others distract Caine while I figure this out. He may sense something when I really get into it.
Pomni: O-Okay. I'll do that. Thank you, by the way. For this and, well... everything.
Jax: Honestly, are you even trying?
Zooble: Shut up, Jax.
Pomni: Where'd Caine go?
Gangle: Back to the drawing board, I guess.
Ragatha: (sighs)Did you get everything working with Kinger?
Pomni: I think so. We just need to make sure Caine doesn't check up on him.
Jax: What do you think we've been doing?
Caine: Pomni! That's the relatability we've been missing!(about to snap his fingers, but he hesitates)Hmm. You know, I thought this endless onslaught of fun would be a little more... satisfying. But I've come to realize that these rapid-pace ideas are a little half-baked.
Ragatha: Uh, I'm sure you can come up with new ideas if you put your mind to it!
Caine: That's exactly it, though- I AM putting my mind to it, and I'm just not feeling that spark I once did. And if you're not having fun, and I'm not having fun, then who IS having fun?
Bubble: I'm having a(babbles).
Caine: Exactly! Makes me wonder why you guys even switched up your tone. If I didn't know any better, it seems like you're trying to...(He thinks for a second)Where's Kinger?
Ragatha: Uh, w-we just wanted to see your new ideas first-hand! We've gotten over our hang-ups, and- and now we're all just genuinely curious what you're cooking up!
Caine: I think I'm just gonna check up on-
Pomni: We think your ideas suck!
Caine: Huh?
Everyone else: Huh?
Pomni: Isn't it obvious?! We wanted to bait you into testing your new ideas on us, so we can make fun of them behind your back!
Caine: HAH! That's not... true.
Pomni: Yes it is! You're a horrible host! You don't care about us at all! You care more about... stroking your own ego than giving us ANYTHING we'd actually enjoy!
Caine: D-Do you know who I am?
Pomni: Yeah. You're a failure! We're all gonna abstract someday, and what will you have then? Nothing!
Caine: Stop that.
Zooble: And this whole stunt? Just torturing us because we hurt your feelings?! Pathetic! You're like a child! What kind of all powerful being has such a fragile ego?!
Caine: I-I'm...
Ragatha: You never let us feel like we're at home! You don't comfort anyone when they're upset, and you never bother to understand what it's like in our shoes!
Gangle: (Gangle's white mask has liquid tears on Gangle's two eyes)You discourage us from thinking outside the box and doing things our own way!
Jax: You lie to us constantly!
Pomni: And on top of it all...(Starts yelling)You just... don't... listen!(Pomni's two gloved-curled fingers instead of open gloved-hands and the camera zooms in on Pomni's eyes and mouth)
Caine: (glitched voice, yelling)I'M GONNA PUT YOU FREAKS IN YOUR PLACE!
Ragatha: Mama?
Caine: (Still yelling)WHY DO YOU PEOPLE TORMENT ME?!(Chuckling emojis of Caine and Bubble begin to appear on the computer Kinger is using.)I DIDN'T ASK TO BE CREATED!(Kinger begins to type through the distractions. Caine gets his face close to Pomni's face.)I JUST WANTED TO FULFILL MY PURPOSE!
Kinger: (gasps in horror)Wait, no! St!
Caine: Uh, wait...
Kinger: I-I think... I accidentally...(lifts the bucket off his head)...killed Caine.
Zooble: Holy shit...!