Caine: Welcome to The Amazing Digital Circus! My name is Caine. I'm your ringmaster and I'm here to show you the most jaw-dropping, heart stopping, mind-bending paraphernalia you've ever laid your eyes upon!(He pulls Bubble from his hat)Isn't that right, Bubble?
Bubble: That's right, Caine! I can't wait to see what you've got cooking up for today.(Smiles as he is talking)
Caine: Well, let's not waste any time! Let's get right into the show!(moves away from the show curtain, as the curtain starts to unravel)
???: W-w-where?
Jax: Caine, is this one of your NPCs or is this a new sucker? 'Cause if it's a new character, we're gonna have to redo this whole theme song.(He looks and sounds bothered by the possibility of redoing their theme song)
Zooble: I'm not doing that again.
Caine: My my, it appears a new human has entered this realm!(Moving his cane around to point at the jester, before pointing in the air)
???: How do I... take this... headset off!?(Is struggling, as her eyes appear to be scribbles at the moment)
Jax: Just keep grabbing at it. That worked for all of us.
???: What's... going on? I-I-I put on some weird headset.. and now I'm...here?(Her eyes widen)
???: Who are you people? Why can't I take it off? WHERE AM I?
Ragatha: Let's just try to calm down. Everything's gonna be ok, new stuff. We've all been through this. You just need to get your head to—(Eyes minimize as she got interrupted)
???: WHAT THEIS GOING ON?!...what—(Looks down at her hand, and her mouth, questioning what has just transpired)
Caine: Now now now, my dear! We can't have any of that foul language around here. The Amazing Digital Circus is a place to be enjoyed by all ages. You, my friend, stumbled into an incredible world of wonders, where anything can happen!...e-except for swearing.(His eyes look around the place after explaining)
???: ,,,,,,,,,.. Oh, my god. Well, h-how do I, you know.. leave?(She looks up at Caine)
Ragatha: W-Well don't freak out about it or anything, but uh, we.. don't exactly—
Jax: You can't.
???: What?(Eyes minimize as she's looking at Jax, in worried confusion)
Zooble: Shut up, Jax. But yeah, he's right. Welcome to your new home, and your new body.(Their claw points down to the jester's feet)
???: "N-n-new home"? What do you mean?(her eyes dart around)
Ragatha: Guys, don't be mean.
Jax: We've been stuck here for years! Old Kinger over there's supposedly been here the longest.
Kinger: Huh, did somebody say something about an insect collection?(His eyes widen in excitement)
Jax: That's why he's craaazy.(Chuckles while doing a cuckoo finger twirl)Eh.
???: Oh, okay, now I get it!(Laughs)This is a dream! And I should just play along until I wake up, right?
Jax: ..Whatever you say, kid.
Gangle: They broke my Comedy Mask...(She continues sobbing)
Jax: So, Caine, we havin' a new adventure today for the newbie or what?
Gangle: (She sobs even more in response)
Caine: I'd like to give our brand-new member a tour of the circus grounds first.
Caine: Off we go!
Caine: Here we have THE TENT! This is where your living quarters are, as well as other sorts of activities! These activities may include-
Caine: -ball pits, mini golf, and more!
Caine: And here we have THE GROUNDS! Drown yourself in the digital lake, or engage in ridery at the digital carnival! Night, day, it's all okay! The choice is yours, a cosmic buffet!
???: Uh, is... that all there is?
Caine: Of course not!
Caine: This is the void!(As that is said, the camera moves further back, making Caine's voice softer. It goes back to normal shortly after)We... don't venture out into the void.(In a soft spooky voice)Not even I know what's out there.
???: That's-
Caine: We stay right here, where I can keep my(dramatic voice)HUNDREDS OF ALL-SEEING EYES ON YOU!
Moon: Hello, Caine. I love you.
Caine: (shocked)Aahhh! Let's get outta here before the Moon gets frisky!
???: Wait, what's that-
Caine: Woah, clean up on aisle you!
Bubble: I'm on it, Boss!
Caine: ...Why are you like this...?
???: Wait, wait. Was that an exit door I saw out there? Is that a way to leave?
Jax: What exit?
Jax: If there was a way to leave, I'm pretty sure we'd have all left by now.
Zooble: Yeah, what are you talking about?
Caine: Uh-uh-I-(clears throat)I assure you there is no "magical exit door." You're probably just experiencing DIGITAL HALLUCINATIONS! From your mind's transition to the digital plane.
???: But, I-I swear I saw-
Caine: (fast)DIGITAL HALLUCINATIONS!!!
Caine: ...How about we talk about something else? Like your name!
???: My name? My name is uhh... AAHH! OH, GOD! WHY CAN'T I REMEMBER MY NAME!?
Caine: Nobody can remember their name once they enter the Digital Circus! One of the few things I don't have control over are your minds! So all I can help you with is coming up with a new one!
???: Ugh...what's my name...?
Caine: Don't you worry your little head. Your new name can be anything!...
Caine: HerebyacknowledgingthatyourchosennameornamesmaynotbreachtheDigitalCircusUserLicenseAgreementstatingthatyournamemaynotincludeobjectionablecontent.Objectionablecontentincludes-butisnotlimitedto-sexuallyexplicitmaterial,obscene,defamatory,libelous,slanderous,violent,and/orunlawfulcontentorprofanity.(He says it very quickly, as if it were a commercial warning)
Caine: (normal)What are you thinkin'?
???: Huh? I... don't care. Just pick anything.
Caine: Let's see!
Caine: What do you think of "XDDCC"?(Stammering)
XDDCC: I don't-
Caine: You're right — terrible. Let's try that again!
Caine: What do you think of POMNI?
Pomni: Huh? Uhh, sure... I think I just-
Caine: Gadzooks, you're right, Jax! We should have a brand new adventure for our new member, Pomni!
Jax: (distant)I said that, like, 5 minutes ago.
Caine: You! Do you like adventure? Activity?(keeps talking faster)Wonder? Danger? Horror? Pain?Suffering?Agony?Death?Disease?Death?' Angel food cake?
Caine: YOU PARASITE!!!(pops Bubble)
Pomni: Uh- I don't really-
Caine: Since you're new around here, we're gonna make it a simple, in-house, adventure to warm you up to how things work around here.
Zooble: What? No, god! I don't want an in-house adventure!
Caine: Don't worry, Zooble. I'll make it something unobtrusive that you can still choose to not get involved with!
Caine: Today's adventure is... Gather the Gloinks!
Caine: That's right! The entire circus tent will be infested with Gloinks, and you gotta catch 'em all!
Bubble: But what are they?
Caine: I'm glad You asked, Bubble, they're small-
Bubble: And what do they do?
Caine: They-
Bubble: And how do they-
Caine: Gloinks are small mischievous critters that steal anything and everything they run into! Why do these humanoid hash-browns do this? How do you stop them? That's for you to find out. Now, good luck, and have fun, my little superstars!
Pomni: ...What did any of that mean?
Ragatha: Oh, that's just one of Caine's little adventures. They're just... something fun to do to, you know, prevent us from going insane.(nervous chuckle)
Zooble: (sighs)Speak for yourself. If anyone needs me, thenoff.(Zooble pulls the middle finger, which is also censored)
Zooble: Oh God, oh jeez, NO!
Zooble: OH GOD! SOMEBODY HELP!
Jax: Oh no, they killed Zooble. Anyway, you guys wanna go get something to eat?
Ragatha: ...Oh wait, we should go check on Kaufmo! I'm pretty sure he'd like to meet Pomni!
Kinger: MY IMPENETRABLE FORTRESS!
Ragatha: You wanna come with us to check on Kaufmo?
Kinger: No, not really. I think Kaufmo's gone insane. Last time I spoke with him, he was rambling endlessly about some exit. Kind of like you, Pomni! You might be going insane too.
Pomni: BUT WAIT! Wouldn't that more likely mean the exit DOES exist?
Jax: Could also mean that you just have a jumpstart on losing your mind?
Gangle: Wait! What about Zooble!?
Pomni: Well, I think I'd like to ask him about it, IF this was real, which it isn't, because it's a dream.
Jax: Heh, she still thinks this is a dream.
Ragatha: (Realizes Jax is looking her position)Uhh... why are you looking at me like that?
Jax: I'm fine with doing whatever, as long as I get to see funny things happen to people.
Jax: Ow! Okay, I've already had enough of these things.(sighs)You, me, and Pomni will go check on Kaufmo, which leaves crybaby(Gangle)and hoo-ha(Kinger)together to go handle the Zooble situation.
Ragatha: Haha, do you think pairing them up together is a good idea?
Jax: Of course I do. They're the two most mentally stable and capable characters to be paired together.
Jax: Come on, ladies, let's go harass the clown.
Gangle: My comedy mask is broken again...
Kinger: GAH! Oh, Gangle. You startled me.
Ragatha: So, this is where we all live. Or well, where we all sleep at night. Even though we don't really need to sleep. It's sometimes nice to kinda take a break from everything and have a bit of routine, y'know? I'm sure there will be one for... Oh, look you already have one!
Pomni: I... still don't understand.. about the adventures. Why even go on them at all? Why not try to find a way to leave?
Ragatha: Well, we usually do, when we first arrive, but after a while you start to realize that you really can't leave and constantly chasing an unattainable goal will start driving you a bit crazy.(Starts to go insane herself, as she's talking about what happens when you go insane in the circus)And eventually you get to asking what the point of anything is and you completely lose sight of who you are and why you're even alive and when you reach your breaking point, something really terrible can happen.(Looks around then pulls herself together)Ah, but that's not something we need to deal with today. Above anything else, the adventures give us something to do that keeps our minds healthy and stimulated.
Jax: Thank goodness this is all a dream, right, Pomni?
Pomni: (gasp)Why are we here again? What are we doing?
Ragatha: We're getting one of our friends.
Ragatha: Huh, maybe he's not in his room? I hope he's alright.
Jax: Don't worry dollface, I've got a key to his room.(Reveals key, spins it on his index finger, catches it, causing Pomni to flinch and walks towards Kaufmo's room)
Ragatha: Wha, wait, wh-why?!  You-you-you shouldn't have keys to anyone's room!
Jax: Nah, I've got keys everywhere, and you've all been fine. By the way, I may have left something in your room today, so let me know if you find it. You're not afraid of centipedes, are ya?
Ragatha: JAX! That's literally my only fear, why would you do this?!
Jax: Whaaat? It could be a completely unrelated question. You'll never know until it's too late.(Opens the door to Kaufmo's room)
Jax: Oh, I've been looking for this. Thanks for keeping an eye on it, Kaufy. I'm gonna head out, see ya.(Jax picks up a sort-of-bowling ball item and dahses away, leaving a dust cloud in the shape of him)
Ragatha: Oh, Kaufmo's.. been abstracted!  That-- that's okay.
Pomni: What is that?
Ragatha: It.. might be that terrible thing I was talking about earlier, when you reach your breaking point?!
Pomni: H-huh?
Ragatha: Okay, wait! Maybe there's still time to fix him before we get Caine!
Ragatha: Whoa! Kaufmo, Listen! I know we didn't always get along, like when you called me out for fake laughing at your jokes! I swear, I really did think they were funny, I WAS JUST HAVING A BIT OF A BAD DAY!(Abstracted Kaufmo grabs and drags Ragatha, interrupting her)
Ragatha: Hey, Pomni? You think you could perhaps help me out here? I understand... if you don't... want to, though.
Pomni: Ow! I'm sorry!(Runs away in fear)
Kinger: I don't know what I'm looking at here.
Gangle: We saw a Gloink carry one of Zooble's pieces down there, remember?
Kinger: Oh, yeah. Thank you for the recap.
Kinger: Boy, we're not very good at this, are we?
Jax: (Out of breath)Ugh.. Sup, fellas?
Kinger: JAX!We found the Zooble hole.
Jax: Cool.
Gangle: How's Kaufmo doing? I hope he's not still mad at me for not laughing at his jokes.
Jax: Oh, he's doing great. In fact, I don't think I've ever seen him this happy before.
Kinger: Well, it's good to know he hasn't completely lost his mind.
Jax: He actually asked me to give you this.(He throws the bowling ball at Kinger which knocks him inside, followed by Gangle, and Jax jumping inside the hole)
Kinger: An insect collection?
Gangle: I think it's a nest.
Kinger: (shrieks)
Pomni: Hello? Ragatha? That was your name, right?
Ragatha: O-o-over here.(groans)
Pomni: Hey, look, I'm...I didn't mean to leave you behind like that. I, just...look at my hand. I, I didn't know what to do.
Ragatha: It—it's okay. What you need to do right now is to find Caine. He'll be able to fix me up and take care of Kaufmo.
Pomni: Oh, okay, but where can I find him?
Ragatha: Uh, I don't really know. Just look around and call for him, I suppose.
Pomni: Uh...okay! I'll get him!  You just stay right there...not that you can really move or anything. Uhh.. Just hang in there, I'll be right back, I promise!(starts to run off but soon pauses when Ragatha starts to say something and looks over)
Ragatha: (glitching horribly and speaking in a cracked voice)Cool. Also, Pomni, I'm sorry your first day here had to be so terrible.
Pomni: (awkwardly still doesn't believe this is real)Uhhhh, yeah, well, don't worry about it. I'm just gonna go get Caine now.(Gives Ragatha a reassuring smile and runs off to find Caine)
Pomni: (In front of the sleeping quarters)Hello?! Caine?! We…have a bit of an issue here!(Calls out, but gets no response. She realizes the whole place is quiet and checks everywhere)
Pomni: (From behind a wall)Caaaiiine?(She suddenly looks up in shock to see Abstracted Kaufmo roaming around the circus. He notices Pomni with his distorted eyes. Pomni makes a weird freaked out face, and the glitched player charges at her, making Pomni freak out and run)
Gloink Queen: (Finally sees the characters, much to her disapproval)What form of non-Gloinkinian mass dares presume presence in the nest of the Gloink Queen?(Jax is unbothered and checks his nails in a sassy way)
Jax: Oh, is that who you are? You know, you could have asked for my consent before forcing me to see something so completely and utterly disgusting.
Gloink Queen: (Offended and angry at Jax for his rude words to her, a queen)How despicable, a rabbitoid that runs its mouth in the presence of my royal figure!
Kinger: Well, as a royal myself, I would like to kindly ask if-oh, look there's Zooble! Hi, Zooble!(waves at them as their head is getting carried away by a Gloink)
Zooble: (In an unpleasant, serious tone)AUGH! HELP ME, YOU IDIOTS!
Jax: (Gets a little upset when Zooble raises their tone at him)Kinda rude, Zooble. Now I don't wanna help you.(He crosses his arms in disapproval)
Gangle: Oh, I always lose...(Covers her sad mask with her ribbon hands as a sign of defeat)
Kinger: (Happy that he won)Yes!(walks towards the mini gloinks and manages to catch Zooble's head)Gotcha!(He freezes and  doesn't process what is happening but watches awkwardly as Zooble and his hands continually move towards the Gloink Queen to feed her)Oh.(He realizes his hands are detached from his body and thus did not stop Zooble's head from being carried away by the Gloinks)
Zooble: (The mini Gloinks stack on top of each other with Zooble's head on top as Zooble realizes they are being eaten alive)Hey?! KINGER YOU MOTHER-(The Gloink Queen cuts them off by lunging down and grabbing Zooble's head with her tongue. She swallows Zooble's head and Kinger's hands whole)
Gangle: EEEEE!(anxious and sad that they were eaten)
Jax: (Shrugs apathetically)Eh, they'll be fine.
Pomni: Gotta hide, gotta hide, gotta hide.(looking both ways for a hiding spot but suddenly stops and looks at herself in the mirror for the first time, seeing how she is in the virtual circus. She quickly looks away as Kaufmo comes at her and she hides behind a yellow Barrel after she opens it up and reveals red plastic barrel monkey toys from the 1900's. Kaufmo gets distracted and forgets about Pomni and instead chases after one of the monkeys)
Pomni: God, Where is Caine?(Pomni bumps into an exit door in front of her with Abstracted Kaufmo growling nearby)
Pomni: Huh!?(Confused and scared)
Gloink Queen: You foolish assortment of colorful characters!(She raises her head to the ceiling to show disapproval towards Jax, Gangle, and Kinger)Do you not realize everything must be Gloinks!? I am Gloinks. You will be Gloinks! God(Caine)will be Gloinks!
Jax: This is dumb and weird.(He speaks with a tone of disgust and looks at Gangle)
Gloink Queen: Well, B- uh-(Stuttering, not knowing what to say)Y- Yet you're still watching it!.
Jax: I'm not here for the adventure or anything I'm just here to hide from the-
Kinger: Oh, thank god you're okay!(Relieved)You didn't experience a game show in there, did you?
Zooble: Uh.. I-(Gives him a confused look)What are you talking about?
Gangle: What's happening!?(Scared and worried)
Jax: It's just Kaufmo.(Showing no emotion for Kaufmo)Don't worry about it.
Gangle: Kaufmo abstracted!?(She puts her hands up to her face in shock and worry)
Jax: Nah, he's fine.(Yet again showing no emotion)
Kinger: YOU'RE RIGHT! HOW ARE WE GONNA GET OUT OF HERE!?(Worried)
Zooble: Guys, over there.(Also showing no emotion)
Kinger: Huh.(Suddenly being relieved)
Jax: Ladies first.(Being nice to Gangle)No wait why would I say that?
Zooble: Wait.. Pomni's not even here!?(Angry and annoyed)Wasn't this whole thing for her?!
Jax: Be quiet. I can't hear the escalator...(Interrupts Zooble)
Pomni: (Gasps and whimpers)
Pomni: (Cackles wildly while clutching her head; going insane)
Caine: Oh Bubble, you always know how to make me say this exact sentence.
Caine: Gasp!
Caine: An alert on my WackyWatch at this hour?
Caine: Oh no!(Caine goes wall-eyed)Someone's venturing out into the void!(goofy but shocked)
Caine: They'll get totally spoiled!
Caine: There you go!
Caine: Now, what the heck happened around here?(Confused, looking around)Oh yeah- my doing.(Jolly again)
Kinger: Caine! Kaufmo went through a sort of Kaufmosis and abstracted!(Still worried)
Caine: Kaufmo abstracted? Why didn't anybody tell me?(Exaggerated, plays a cartoon sound while sticking out his tongue)
Caine: And into the cellar you go.
Zooble: Man, I can't believe Kaufmo just gave up like that.(Sad)I mean, no offense Kinger, but I always thought you would be next.
Kinger: Thank you.(Happy)
Jax: Guess it just goes to show you can't rely on Kinger for anything.
Ragatha: I am in so much pain!(Voice glitching and stuttering)
Caine: Oop!
Caine: I do have to apologize for lying about the exit. I knew how much all of you have been wanting there to be one, but, you know, I was having so much trouble figuring out what to put on the other side and ended…up…never…quite…finishing…it. And you know how I never like letting people see my unfinished work-
Caine: Especially if it leads you out into the void. Anyway, it looks like you defeated the Gloink Queen, so I guess the adventure's over. Your reward is a delicious digital feast cooked by our head Bubble Chef.
Bubble: Made with all the love I'm legally allowed to give.(Happy at first but trails off)
Jax: You know, I am pretty hungry.
Gangle: You didn't even do anything.
Jax: (Annoyed)So what? I can still be hungry.
Kinger: Well not really, 'cause we don't need to eat, drink or sleep in this digital world. So the digital food here only gives off the virtual sensation of eating without any of the nutritional benefits.
Jax: Sheesh, lay off it. Since when are you an expert on the digital world?
Kinger: Expert on the what?